Recently downloading files in QQ group sharing found that the download was always prompted to fail, thinking it was the reason for the bean (installed the bean V7), so disabled D + and wall, the result is still a download failure. So the unloading was reloaded three times, and the result was downloading failure. It can be downloaded on other computers. Solution. Thank you. Has QQ been loaded and reloaded? Try the webpage (group space) to download. The location on the webpage is: OK, I'll try. Uninstall four times. The registry can not be cleaned up, or it can not be downloaded. In the end, jzh100 edited the recently downloaded file in QQ group share from April 14 to 26:54, and found that the download always prompted the download to fail because it was the reason for the download (installed V7), so D + and the wall were disabled, and the download failed. So the unloading was reloaded three times, and the result was downloading failure.. It can be downloaded on other computers. Solution. Thank you. Has QQ been loaded and reloaded? Try the webpage (group space) to download. The location on the page is: http://qun.qzone.qq.com/group #!/group number/share 19906 published in 2014-4-26:15:57 QQ have wood been unloaded and reloaded? Try downloading the page (group space). Change a computer to see if the system problems computer version QQ group sharing file always download failure, solve troubleshooting software area Card Forum mutual sharing atmosphere humble! Users home page, home forum forum information chat with informationSecurity Discussion and Research Secure Regional Software Discussions and Reflections on Software Regional Hardware Discussions Foreign anti-virus software virus sample assistant tools, virtual machine browser, Q & a software download, tea house member service, domestic antivirus software, foreign anti-virus software, Kabasiji virus sample, virtual machine security tool, original tool, IT information software, first comprehensive area software download, answer question, answer browser software Tucao hand Router Hardware Integrated Teahouse Music Black Tea House Card Rice StadiumBole TOP 10 in the first half of 2015 Bole TOP 30 in the second half of 2015 Bole TOP 30 in the first half of 2016 Bole Forum to support troubleshooting security verification please complete the following verification code card meal The file in the computer version QQ group share always fails to be downloaded. See the return list: 26792 | Reply: 3 [Copy link] jzh100 published in 2014-4-26 14:28:18