It is not easy to buy a train ticket during the rush hour. Many friends may have only heard of 12306 train tickets, but they do not know how to book the train tickets through the official website. It has always been considered a very troublesome event. Actually, the operation process is not complicated, much easier than queuing up to buy tickets, there is also the official website can book tickets 20 days in advance, buy tickets early enough. Take a few minutes to learn how to book tickets easily. Here's a detailed explanation of the online ticketing process for train tickets. 12306 how to book high-speed rail tickets online? Nowadays, it is fast and simple to buy train tickets on official website, which is the first choice for most of the people. Since the railway department opened the official website to buy train tickets online service, it really provides a lot of convenience to the vast number of passengers. Passengers who live far from the railway station or consignment point do not have to rush to the train to buy tickets, do not have to go out in bad weather to buy tickets, and do not have to rely on other people to help when the time is tight.Busy buying tickets... However, the latest is 12306 online train ticket booking peak, the number of visitors to the site is very large, not to mention buying tickets, is not easy to refund. In this regard, the staff reminded the majority of passengers: avoid peak operation period. A few days ago, a friend said, through the official website for online train ticket ordering is very difficult to succeed, but temporary business, to take the plane. The refund operation was carried out on the official website, and more than 20 days later, she did not find that her online bank had the refund. Then, a friend logs on to the official website of the online ticket purchase, showing that the status of the train ticket is "refunded", while the online bank has not seen the train ticket arrived. 12306 online booking official website booking train ticket how to make high-speed rail tickets? 12306 online booking of train tickets is fast and simple. It is the first choice for most people to buy tickets. (1) a railway e-ticket purchased with the two generation of resident identity cards.Passengers can change their tickets at the ticket window, the railway ticket agency (5 yuan handling fee) or the station vending machine with the valid ID card of the second generation used when purchasing tickets. (2) The valid ID card and the student card with the student's train ticket discount card (both originals) used for student ticket purchasing shall be handled at the station ticket window or the railway ticket agency where the student's train ticket discount card identifier is installed. (3) The valid ID card and the "Disabled Soldier's Certificate of the People's Republic of China" and the "Disabled People's Police Certificate of the People's Republic of China" (both original) used in the ticket purchase for the disabled soldier (police) shall be handled at the ticket window of the station. Train ticket booking by telephone 12306What do you want to pay attention to? Official website customer service telephone booking train ticket number: 95105105 details [latest] train ticket online booking difficult to success 12306 telephone booking train ticket probability is high official website booking difficult to success. Recently, the plug-in ticket robbery almost crashed the official website of train ticket purchasing, so the success rate of online ticket purchasing is the next level. Xiao Bian reminds us that the success rate of 12306 phone booking is high. It's not easy to buy a train ticket during the rush hour. Many friends may have only heard about booking a train ticket online, but they don't know the process of booking a train ticket in 12306. It's always considered a troublesome event. Actually, the operation process is not complicated, much easier than queuing up to buy tickets, there is also the official website can book tickets 20 days in advance, buy tickets early enough. Take a few minutes to learn how to book tickets easily. Here's a detailed explanation of the online ticketing process for train tickets.. The telephone booking process of train tickets in 12306 always encounters a big problem during the Spring Festival rush hour - it is difficult to buy tickets, the bus tickets are too long, the air tickets are too expensive, and the train tickets are hard to get! Xiao Bian hereby arranges a train ticket booking process in 12306 for everybody's reference. I hope that the small partners can purchase tickets smoothly before the Spring Festival last year. Hai Railway Bureau has opened the business of group tickets for migrant workers during the Spring Festival, which has solved the problem of ticket purchasing for the majority of migrant workers. From 8:00 on Dec. 23, 2012, 24 stations in Shanghai, Nanjing, Changzhou, Wuxi, Suzhou, Jiaxing, Hangzhou, Jinhuaxi, Yiwu, Ningbo East and Wenzhou will open online acceptance channels for group tickets of migrant workers for the Spring Festival of 2013. More than 6 migrant workers (including 6 people with unlimited directions, the same below) will pass the qualification examination and obtain the prime minister. After the pass, priority can be taken from January 20th to February 8th and February.13 to February 28th round-trip group ticket. Online booking of train tickets 12306 [latest] Online booking of train tickets 12306 is no longer the only one Taobao launched train tickets booking October 24, Sina Weibo has a message that Taobao opened train tickets booking, after the user paid, the seller sold tickets and confirmed by SMS; users can at the railway station ticket window, ticket agent, ticket vending machine Pick up the ticket. Online booking of train tickets is no longer the 12306 one. Details [latest] online booking train ticket 12306 will realize Alipay payment. Recently, Alipay has learned from Alipay that the company has completed the technical proposal of booking 1230 train tickets online, and will soon launch Alipay to buy train ticket service. Details of Ctrip's website Tieyou Travel Network Train Car 12306 Online Ticket Booking Avoid Peak Period Reading Full Text 2017-01-10 12Ticket Collection Instructions for High Speed Railway Ticket Booking Online Baolan High-speed Railway Chengdu-Kunming Nanguang High-speed Railway Futian High-speed Railway Station Shenzhen Baoan Bus Station Nanjing Bus South Station Shanghai to Huangshan High-speed Railway Xi'an Bus Station Kunshan Bus Station Fuyong Bus Station Timetable About Us | Disclaimer | Common Questions | Service Description | Site Map | Friendship Link | Apply for Contact our insurance agent Copyright 2009-2013 Shanghai ICP Prepare 09057645 Tieyou is a fast link to Ctrip's leading online ticket shopping website: Guangdong Provincial Bus Station Timetable Shanghai Coach South Station Beijing Bus Ticket | Nanchang Coach Station |