12306 online booking process: 12306 registration 12306 login 12306 activation 12306 booking; 12306 payment; 2306 ticket collection 12306 online booking process: 12306 registration 12306 login activation booking payment ticket collection of China Railway Customer Service Center website (www. Registration, train timetable inquiry, train ticket balance inquiry, high-speed rail ticket price inquiry, online ticket purchase (including online payment), 12306 order inquiry, change, refund and other services. 1. the website of China Railway Customer Service Center is www.12306.cn. 2. download and install the root certificate. Real name registration, fill in name, ID card and other information as required. 3. activator accountNumber, start booking, select the information of the train number, click confirm the order, re confirm the name, ID card number, etc. 4. Online payment, through the bank and other successful payment before the booking is completed, the order not paid at the prescribed time automatically cancelled. 5. Mail Tips to nearby windows and outlets for tickets. 12306 Railway Customer Service Center website online booking matters needing attention: 1, online booking is the most complaining way, login can not, can not submit, network errors, etc., if you do not trust the network in your home, in the high-speed friends home or Internet cafes, this is the premise. 2, the network booking must end in 30 minutes, do not dally and solve quickly. 3. Payment should be made within 15 minutes after the end of the booking. Do not let the bank run out of money and transfer from another card. Otherwise, your order will disappear after 15 minutes. 4, after the order is submitted, there is no ticket. Don't worry. It may be a system error.Try. 5. In the process of using 12306, you will often encounter a bug that shows the login page when you refresh the page or click a button. If your name can still be displayed in the upper right, it means that cookies still exist and there is no need to log in again to waste time. 6. What to do when you encounter web page error report: 12306 websites use CDN acceleration, but the source server still can not withstand the clicks of the people all over the country, will often make mistakes. This is when you can refresh the page, because 12306 uses the frame page, so don't click the browser's refresh button, preferably right-click the wrong place, and then click refresh. 7. Users who have little experience in online shopping, think it is difficult to book tickets online, or do not know railway common sense, suggest reading the railway common sense page of the website carefully before booking tickets, totaling hundreds of items, grinding the knife and chopping the firewood. 8, refund fee 5%, minimum 2 yuan. Online refund is closed until2 hours before driving, in return for paper tickets, the traditional way of refund is to return tickets. Information indicates that a refund may not be smooth (showing a refund but not in time). 10, use the Windows operating system and IE kernel browser to visit the website. In cases where each search takes a long time, you can close the page and reopen or refresh the booking page, sometimes with effect. Note: Since January 2013, the pre-sale period for telephone booking and online booking has changed from 10 days to 20 days, so that all the pre-sale periods mentioned above may be increased by one day. 12306 official website online booking FAQ Answer 1, 12306 Railway Customer Service Center website how to register? For the first time online ticket buyers need to log in 12306.cn according to the page prompts one by one to fill in the user name, password, voice inquiry password, name, identity card type, ID card number, etc.Telephone number, e-mail address and other basic information. After submitting the information form, the system prompts the public to log in to the mailbox and complete the registration activation. 2. How to activate the 12306 website account? After you fill in the registration information and submit it, 12306 website will send the activation mail to your email address immediately (the sender is 12306@rails.com.cn). Please log in the email address provided when you register to receive the activation mail, and activate the user account at the prompt before booking. If you receive an activation email but cannot activate the user account or receive an activation email, try to solve it by (1) checking the junk box or advertising box in your email mailbox, which may be mistaken for spam or advertising mail. (2) When you re-log on to the www.12306.cn website with your username and password, the website will prompt you to "Your user is not activated". Please click "Re-send the activation email ", the website will send the activation email immediately, please re-collect the activation email, and press the prompt to activate the user account. (3) Re-login to the www.12306.cn website using the username and password, modify the "e-mail" in the "personal data" and replace a valid e-mail mailbox. 3. How to book tickets for 12306 Railway Customer Service Center website? After 12306 is activated, you can enter your username and password directly and enter "My 12306". Ticket booking information immediately appears on the page, asking the public to choose the starting, terminal, departure date and so on. After choosing the ticket to be purchased, the system requests to input name, certificate number, telephone number and other information again. The certificates include ID card, Hong Kong and Macao residents to and from the mainland passport, Taiwan residents to the mainland passport and passport. And prompt for confirmation of the order. After confirmation of order, booking page prompts need to be within 30 minutes.Pay online, otherwise it will be regarded as giving up automatically. Choose the corresponding online bank or UnionPay online to complete the payment. 4. Where to get the ticket after the successful booking of 12306? How to check the ticket? After the successful purchase of railway e-ticket 12306 online booking, the railway department will send the relevant prompt information to the ticket purchaser by e-mail or SMS. Ticket Checking: After successful booking, passengers can use the second-generation resident identity card to purchase tickets, and then use the original of the second-generation resident identity card to the designated railway station (including the same city station) ticket window, ticket vending machine or railway ticket agent for ticket exchange. If the tickets are purchased with other valid ID documents, the tickets can be exchanged at the designated ticket window of the designated railway passenger service stations (including the same city station) and at the railway ticket agency with the original valid ID documents. Travel: using two generation ID cards and other identity documents to buy tickets must be before driving.With the original valid ID of the passenger used in the online ticket purchase, and the order number provided by the network system, to the station ticket window in exchange for paper tickets, with paper tickets to enter the station. 5. Can 12306 be changed after online booking? Can 12306 be refunded online? How to collect the handling fee? Passengers who need to change and refund their tickets can change their tickets at the designated ticket window or 12306 website at the station where the ticket is exchanged or at the ticket face departure station, but they must not be later than 2 hours before the departure date when they go through the registration and refund procedures at 12306 website. Before changing tickets. The original ticket will be returned to the original bank card. It should be noted that the railway electronic ticket after the Internet ticket purchase to the exchange of tickets before, do not report loss, not allow transfer. Staff reminded that users should remember and properly keep the user name and password set by themselves at the time of registration of the 1236 website, the valid identity document of the passenger at the time of ticket purchase, and the ticket given after the website confirms the success of the user's ticket purchase.Order number. Railway Customer Service Center High Speed Railway Home Page | User Login | Registered Account | Site Map | Customer Service Online Information Times City Line Travel Ticket Question and Answer Hotel Spring Transport Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Nanjing, Suzhou, Zhengzhou, Xi'an Fuzhou Wuxi Chengdu Jinan more Beijing-Tianjin | Beijing-Shanghai | Wuguang | Zhengxi | Fuxia | Huning | Shanghai-Hangzhou | Ninghang | Chengguan | Changji | East Ring | Shiwu | Jingshi | Jingguang | Jingfu Hefu Hukun | Guangshen | Chengyu | Xiamen | Chongqian | Guiguang | Jingha | Jingshen | Hangzhou | Hangzhou | more departure cities: Reach the cityCity: 12306 Railway Customer Service Center Online Ticket Booking Note 12306 New Year's Day Online Ticket Booking Link Wuhan Housing Supermarket Network Taiyuan Automobile Word-of-mouth on us | Contact us | Cooperation Opportunities | Advertising Services | Service Guide | Hiring Talents | Copyright 2017 High-speed rail era copyright all high-speed rail network Gaotie. cn