I'd like to comment on (0) Their bodies are 4 * 4 * 4 squares with 9 tentacles at the bottom. They first appeared in the Halloween update. Ghosts can be created anywhere in the lower bounds as long as there is enough space (Ghosts need 5 x 5 x 5 to be born) and the game is not created in peace mode. Behavioral evil spirits often float around with their eyes and mouths closed and periodically make loud, childlike cries. When they attack, their eyes and mouth will open. When they shoot, they send out whistling noises and scream when they are hurt. The sound of evil soul attenuates with distance.Weak, so when you hear their voice, they are still far away from you. In Beta 1.8.1, when the ghosts are killed, they produce the same sound effects as when zombies and spiders die. Later, the evil soul had its own death effect: a slight scream of asthma. Unlike other active creatures, ghosts have no chase mode: they don't try to get close to the player (and they don't try to get away). Compared to other creatures, ghosts have a very long search range, and they can lock players in at a distance of 100 cubes. [1] when players are in about 60 squares, they will open up and raise their height. When you don't see the player directly, the ghost doesn't shoot at him, and the sight can be blocked by glass, panels, leaves, lower portals, vines, iron railings, various fences and spider webs: so it's possible to make a safe sightseeing trail in the lower boundaries. When they do not moveThe ghost will face the player within the range of the attack, giving them the feeling that they can see the player through transparent material. Evil spirits have the view through the lava falls, and their fireballs can also pass through the lava falls. This means that when players are near the magma column, they will be attacked by invisible sources. However, when the player hides behind an obstacle or builds a bunker himself, the ghost can shoot and "cancel" the fireball. When evil souls are killed, they may fall into the tears of evil souls. But it's not easy to collect them: they often fall into magma or other inaccessible places. The tear of evil soul is a kind of medicine material with positive effect, so the tears of evil souls are worth owning. The ghost fireball attack has a straight trajectory that is not affected by gravity and can actually fly infinitely or be blocked by the walls of the lower cave. Their explosions often fail to see the explosion.Heard. This is the most powerful biological attack in Minecraft, at close range, as well as creeping explosions. A direct hit will cause 8.5 heart damage. But the damage decreases as the distance increases, and the damage is less when the player is just standing at the radius of the explosion. In addition, the fireball flies very slowly and the aiming position is slightly higher than the player's head. When two ghost fireballs collide, one turns in a random direction and the other explodes in the impact. When shooting a fireball with an arrow or snowball, the fireball will bounce back along the way. You can also fire a ball of fire with your hands or other items, but the difficulty will be much higher. Before the Beta 1.9 preview, it looked like a snowball with a flame, and now it uses the same material as the Flaming Man's fireball. If the fireball of the evil spirit hits the lower gate or nearby, the gateway will be closed, [2]Need to restart. If the player succeeds in making the ghost fire at a closed portal, the portal can be opened by the fireball. The square is ignited when hit by a fireball, which increases the risk of attacking evil spirits; however, a loophole makes the fire extinguish quickly. The minimum explosive resistance of fireballs that absorb all evil spirits is 20.17, which means that fences or other low-explosive squares will be destroyed in a fireball explosion. It is worth mentioning that the evil spirit fireball can extinguish hell gate. That is to say, when a bad soul chases you, do not run directly to the gate of hell. Unless you're sure you brought a flint. Otherwise, you may be embarrassed because the hell gate is extinguished. High attack range, explosive attack power, strong maneuverability and flying make evilThe soul is considered the most difficult to kill creature in the lower bound. They are also very common. Players will encounter them sooner or later in the open area, and they will probably encounter them just after stepping out of the portal. The Devil's Ball of Fire has a profound effect on the lower boundaries of the building, a reliable building must use anti-explosive cubes to make exterior walls or other accessories in places where fire may occur. Because of their huge bodies and the tragedy of evil spirits in the interior, the defense mechanism of the lower boundaries lies in their exterior walls rather than their brightness. When evil spirits move, their firepower is quite uncertain. When players are building in the lower bound, they are the most vulnerable. They may be above the cliff. Evil spirits can also attack the square at the player's feet, which can cause the player to fall into the magma or fall from a high place to die. Players can bounce back fireballs by hitting them without hitting them with anything, even with an empty hand. Because the speed of fireball is very low, mouse is often crazy.It can reflect all attacks. It is possible to kill evil spirits by bouncing back their attacks, but this is often difficult because they are agile and their key is only their tentacles. You can fire a fireball in the direction you want by firing an arrow, throwing a fishing rod, or throwing a snowball. Throwing the fishing rod has little effect on the trajectory of the fireball. This relationship is bi-directional, and your bow and arrow can disrupt the soul's fireball trajectory (which, of course, is a bi-directional relationship, so if the soul fires enough fireballs, it can affect the path of the arrow you are shooting, causing deviation). For obvious reasons, most of the souls are killed by bows and arrows. But the evil soul can also be killed by any weapon, if you can get close enough before it runs. When evil spirits are caught on the ground, they are very vulnerable, because their attacks deflect and their blood is very low - two strikes from a diamond sword can do it.Kill one. A fishing rod can pull a wicked soul close enough to kill the sword. Closer distances also make it easier to kill evil spirits with bows and arrows, although the reaction time to bounce back fireballs correspondingly shortens. When you aim with a bow and arrow, make sure you can adjust the trajectory as quickly as a demon and move quickly. Considering the distance and relative height of the demon, you often need to aim higher to get a longer range. If possible, having a high advantage, such as standing on top of the lower rock, can also be a huge help. If there is a shortage of ammunition, it is recommended to shoot arrows from many different trajectories to find the right range for hitting evil spirits. The main focus of evil spirits is on their tentacles. Targeting too high may cause the arrow to pass through their bodies, so it is harmless. However, the perfect and practical method is to shoot and wear their bodies with fire arrows to hit the key. Just like in this world.Using other neutral or hostile creatures as shields against the skeletons, it is feasible to use * zombies to fight evil souls in the lower bounds. It is possible to kill zombies * pigs without attracting hatred. In the lower bounds, an effective way to fight evil spirits is to build a sanctuary, preferably with bricks, boulders or other explosive-resistant materials. Leave a 1 * 1 hole at the top and repair a ladder to the top. So you can get half your body on the roof. When a ghost approaches, you can climb up a ladder, shoot at the ghost and quickly descend to the bomb shelter. This means that you can easily kill evil spirits and only reduce very few vital values. With further modification, you can add another 3 * 3 small roof on the top of the 1 roof of the main roof. Most ghost fireballs hit the roof instead of you, which means that you are safe in most ghost attacks. Preview from Beta 1.9After version 3, the Devil's direct attack deals 10 full damage, which means that the Devil is immediately killed by the rebound fireball. Fire resistant spirits will also catch fire, but the actual fire and magma will not hurt them. The same effect can be seen on zombie pigs. When evil spirits encounter magma, their activities will be hindered, and it will be easier to target them with bow and arrow. At 23:59 in the video, a bad soul is blocked by lava falls. An evil spirit that is labeled by lava is not the lava falls, but the magma below. There is still controversy as to whether a ghost will be burned to death by fire or magma as it continues to be exposed to magma. This is constantly supported by the spirit of evil spirits. It has been reported that * zombie pigs will be burned by magma. The fact that wicked souls are constantly drifting into and flowing out of lava * also deepens people's integrity of evil souls and zombies.The suspicion of flame protection. Do you know that when a bad soul spits a fireball, their red eyes will open. Unlike most people think, ghosts do not have the ability to generate near the lower portal because there are few ghosts nearby, but this has not been proven to be a trait. Despite the flame protection, if the soul and zombies are drowned for too long under water or lava * This means that, like players and other creatures, they also need air to survive. The ghost will cause other creatures to attack it, but it will not attack other creatures on its own initiative. It will only aim at the player. It is possible to kill zombies by reflecting the fire balls of evil spirits, which may also produce a fatal blow through fireballs, because they are also entities. In the preview, the ghost's fireball looks like a flaming snowball, which was later updated into a new magmatic rock material. Evil souls are the biggest creatures.They are eight times the size of the largest slime. But the shadow dragon is longer than it is. When players just fall on it, players can ride "evil souls". If the evil soul is blocked by a cube, the fireball it shoots will pass through the square. This is because all the launched objects are launched in the front of the launches. Because of the explosive nature of the evil spirit fireball, it can be used to mine blocks in the lower boundary. Devils (like other flying creatures including players in Creative Mode) can fly above Y coordinate 128. Creating a creature into a ghost with a tool will cause the creature to appear inside the ghost unless it is a giant. When evil spirits touch cactus, they will be hurt. Similarly, when the evil spirit is on fire, the material of the flame will be magnified accordingly. Some of the rooms in the Lower Fortress have enough room for ghosts to grow in, but the ghosts are most likely to be trapped. Because it may not be big enough here.The export makes them go out. Tears are often seen in the eyes of evil souls, and no one knows why they are always crying. (Maybe because they're ghost notes: ghosts are dead.) Even if ghosts can fly, they don't form above the water brought to the lower limit by cheating. Sometimes, if there are 1-4 spaces in the platform, the evil soul will be trapped, but they will also shoot you. Their injured area seems to have shifted. Objects will pass through the top of the evil soul, but shooting at their tentacles will still hurt them. When servers are delayed in multiplayer games, arrows can sometimes pass through evil spirits. In multiplayer games, the fireball of the evil spirit moves back and forth, like an arrow, which is caused by server delay. If born in the glass cage of the main world (by cheating), they will float and stare at the players. But ghosts sometimes unexpectedly fire a fireball in the direction of the player, even though there is a fireball between them and the playerA glass barrier. This vulnerability will not appear in the lower bound. When switching to a peaceful mode, it is like a fireball in flight, and it will not disappear. In the multi person survival mode, the correlation between fireball damage and the single person survival mode is relatively low. For this reason, creatures attacked by ghost fireballs do not attack ghosts. Whether they are created in the main world or chasing a ghost that reaches the surface of the world, they are separated from their fireballs and become harmless creatures. Similarly, when there is no evil spirit around, the evil spirit fireball sometimes follows the player into the main world. But these are usually random explosions that are independent of the explosions caused by actual explosions. It can be deflected by the fishing rod, which usually causes the fishing line to point to the deflected fireball. When the player attacks the evil soul at a distance of about 16 squares from the evil soul, the evil soul does not fight back at this time. When players are close enough to evil soulsWhen you can touch the ghost, you can find yourself in the ghost, and its body and tentacles stand out at the bottom. In multiplayer mode, if a player is hit by a passive creature in the lower realm (especially on a waterless chicken farm), the ghost has the ability to fire fireballs continuously through the wall, as if creating a fireball tunnel for the player, until the player is killed. The ghost will continue to fire fireballs before the player is reborn, which can ignite any combustible material such as a box that explodes. Regenerate 2 times until underground 20 grid depth. In the creation mode, no matter what kind of attack the player has on the evil soul, there is no hostility to the evil soul. If the player places a camera beneath the ghost's body, he can only see the ghost's tentacles, not the body. When the evil soul hits the spider web, its AI will make mistakes, causing the evil soul to rotate rapidly. Android mobile phone iPhoneAndroid Tablet | iPad | Android TV | Other Interesting Home Page Mobile Client Site Navigation Mobile Phone Software Video Music Input Social News Security Shopping Photography Communication System Network Traffic Reading Life Office Weather Education Health Finance Beautification Synchronous Brush Entertainment Mobile Phone Game Role Action Shooting Benefits Intelligent Chess Card Adventure Strategy Sports Cultivation Leisure Management Card ROM Brush ROM Brush Pack Resource Brush Root Course Brick Rescue Course Information Channel News Course Assessment Theme Comprehensive Questions and Answers Mobile Phone Theme YOO Theme GO Theme 91 Theme Free Travel Theme Millet Theme Magic Show Theme Weixin Head Portrait Men Wechat Head Female Couples Head Portrait Cartoon Head Portrait Cute Head Portrait Obsessive-compulsive Disorder Head Portrait Beauty Head PortraitHead Portrait Scenic Portrait Star Portrait Personality Head Portrait Mobile Phone Ring Message Personality Popular Funny Alarm Clock Movie Animation Game Dance Computer Software Hand-Tour Simulator ROOT Brush Phone Hand-Tour Picture Processing Audio-Visual Editor APP Computer Edition Hand-Tour Packet Other 10,000 Fruits 777 Happy Fried Golden Flo Manual Tour Computer Software ROM Brush Machine Information Channel Current Position: Interesting APP Download > Information > Synthesis > My World Composite Table of the Evil Browse: 1 million + 2013-11-05 I want to comment (0) Sweep Focus Video Official Wechat anytime, anywhere to get the latest information Top 10,000 Fruits 777 Download 1000,000 Million + people are playing happy exploding Golden Flower download 10 million + people are playing new joys, winning three downloads 100 + people are playing the jewel storm of serial treasure. 1 million + people are playing the game of Beibei.