Baidu Experience; Game / Digital; Internet Baidu Experience: jingyan. baidu. com Everyone knows that smartphones have a function, that is, WI-FI. More and more people are accessing the Internet with a WiFi hotspot, whether it's a computer or a cell phone. Today I will introduce how I can quickly build WiFi hotspots with my laptop. Baidu experience: jingyan.baidu.com tools / raw notebooks (wifi-enabled) mobile phones (wifi-enabled, bluetooth-enabled) WiFi hot-spot connection tools (recommended "cube 3"). Baidu experience: jingyan. baidu. com method / step first download the "magic cube 3", Baidu can see immediately, generally in the first place. The icon "Computer Connection" in the lower right-hand corner, click, and you'll see a lot of nearby "Wi-Fi Connections" with their own.The password is shown in Fig. If you do not see, it shows that your computer has not installed the WIFI function, you need to install it first. Then click Open Network and Sharing Center, as shown in Figure 1, Open Network and Sharing Center, click Change Adapter Settings in the upper left corner, open Change Adapter Settings, and there are four or five icons for network connections, one for local connections, one for broadband connections, and the rest for wireless connections. Then. Right-click Broadband Connection, then click the last "Properties" and click "Share" as shown in Figure 1. Check the first item "Allow other network users to connect through the computer's Internet connection". As shown in Figure 1, all hints follow, you just click OK. Next, under the first item, "Home Network Connection" to choose any "wireless network connection" can be, after the selection point to determine, put forward also directly determine it, and then you will see, broadband connectionBecome shared. For example. Next open "Rubik's Cube 3" and turn off the irrelevant, as shown in the figure, and then open the "Application" item on the left, when we see the "Utilities" bar has a "one-button wireless sharing," and then click open. This time the software will automatically search, a few seconds later "SSID" will automatically generate, at this time we only need to set the "eight-bit password," Internet access options, select "broadband connection," and then click "open hot spot", see that the display "enabled" to complete the computer settings. As shown, my mobile phone is connected, and has a "Client Number: 1". When it is not connected, it is 0. Mobile phone settings are not cumbersome, I believe everyone knows, but together to ensure that "Bluetooth" is turned on. Search WIFI hotspots with your mobile phone, find your own computer hotspot, like this, and then enter your own password, then connect it. If you can't set it upSuccessful, you can leave a message, you can help each other, I hope to help you, I hope you can use a laptop to quickly establish a WiFi hotspot. Thank you. END experience is for reference only, if you need to solve specific problems (especially in the legal, medical and other fields), you are advised to consult the relevant professionals in detail. This experience is based on my own experience, and I refuse to reprint it without permission. Baidu experience Beauty task reward reward order bookmark to return to enjoy mall feature video experience fan magazineKnow Baidu Experience > Game / Digital > Internet Listening Voice | Browse: 19824 | Update: April 2013 - 29 23:05 | Tag: Wifi 1 234 5 67 Step Reading 1 231 Step Reading 2 Step Reading 3 Step Reading 4 Step Reading 5 Step Reading Step Reading 6 Step Reading 7 Report The Author's Statement: Vote (5) voted (5) +1 got (0). I wonder (0) why voting for this experience! The great writing helped my author to vote because of willfulness. You can also type 500 words. Only the signed author and above can be issued. How can you join in? Enter 1000 wordsIf you have any doubts about this experience, you can feed it back to the author, who will try to solve it for you! You can also enter 500 words for a batch of relevant experience 0 2017.10.25 0 2015.05.31 0 2016.11.26 0 2014.05.12 52 2015.10.16 related label WiFi desktop computer WiFi hotspot desktop computer WiFi hotspot today will pay the wrong dollar Wrong is wrong