This technique is suitable for Win7 system users and have a certain understanding of the computer, of course, if you follow the steps completely, I believe you will succeed, but this is mainly for the computer has a certain basis for users, the main feature is not to access tripartite software, fully using the system's own functions, more secure and stable, if The feeling is rather tedious. We can learn from the three party software recommended at the end of the article. Step 1: Open your Network and Sharing Center and select Set New Connections or Networks. Step two: choose the "wireless temporary network" in the dialog box, usually at the bottom. Step 3: There are generally three types of security options, WEP, WPA2 - Person, and no password. It's better to choose WPA2 - Person, which has a higher security factor. Step four: after the wireless hotspot has been set up, click "shut down".Step five: after the wireless network and settings, only share the network. Also go back to "network and shared center" and select the "change adapter settings" option on the left. Step 6: Right-click on the connection you've connected to, select "Local Connection" here, then select the "Share" tab in the window and check the location of the red box. Here, you have to choose according to the situation you need to share, and generally choose "wireless network connection". Step 7: After the previous step is confirmed, you will see that "Local Connection" has been shown here "Shared", and when you right-click the connection you just shared to select the ownership, select the "TCP / IPv4" property, you will see that the IP settings here are no longer the default "automatic access" state, but the settingsSet up an IP segment where you can change it at will, but the "subnet mask" is a fixed "255.255.255.0". Step 8: Then the entire setup is completed, as long as your wireless device searches the wireless network, select the name in Step 3, and enter the password to go online. And in the "Network and Sharing Center" will clearly show the connection status, note that the access type in the red box is "Internet" is successful. Extra Delivery: Remember the "Save the Network" checked in Step 3. After checking, you can see the network in the "Manage Wireless Network". After shutting down, there will still be, and you can change the password, security type and so on after right-clicking the properties. Unsuccessful reasons may be: 1. in step six, choose the connections that are not shared correctly, try to switch to other connections. 2. no IP is set in step seven. 3. try to shut down the network firewall. 4. try moreChange the security type in step four instead of needing a password. Below are the five settings, and corresponding to each operating system, at least two methods are feasible, so I believe there is always a suitable one for you. Throughout these methods, found that the Win7 operating system supports the best, and its own Win7 system settings method is also simple, so it is recommended that users use the system. In fact, there is no way to turn off the network firewall, no matter which way. Xiaobian of course knows that it will bring security risks to the computer, but it is not easy to set up a system firewall or a third-party software firewall, and generally this environment is short-lived, so for mobile phones. Wireless internet access can only be a fluke. More questions about computers and networks please go to Guancun Online-Hardware Forum to share. I hope the above information will help you ZOL Home Page Product NewspaperPrice Forum Question and Answer Hall More Mobile Phone Forum Notebook Forum Photography Forum Hardware Forum Game Forum Software Forum GPS Forum Technology Forum Office Forum Mobile Phone Client Digital Fans Necessary Artifact Zhongguancun Online Client Android Version of the iPhone [Registration] Logon Experience Smoother Interactive Communication Question and Answer Home Page Questions to be answered Video Answering Expert Got Glory 9 and OPPO R11 How to choose? Hess CPU659 versus Qualcomm 625? Which processor is better to play online hand? What's the difference between Canon 6D2 and Canon 5D4? What's the difference between Vivo X9s and OPPO R11? What's the difference between the same price AMD and Intel processors? What's the difference between the iPhone 8 and the iPhone X? Which one do you choose? Where do AMD and Intel's CPU buy?What's the difference between Huawei Glory 8 and Huawei Glory 9? Is the Pentium G4400 CPU enough for office and Internet use? Supports DDR4 2133 memory? What's the best domestic phone to buy in the first half of this year? Is it a good deal to go to Hong Kong to buy the iPhone X? What versions do Huawei Mat10 have? Best value? What about Opr11 forgetting the gesture code and having it both clear and clear? Did the Nvdia geforce GT 740 carry the Moving Jedi Escape? What about a phone 5 and Samsung S8? Which is more important, the graphics card or the processor?