Game Castle; Strategy; Single Machine Strategy; My World Strategy; Text 0904, 2017 17:53:56 Source: Game Castle Editor: yxbao I want to comment on today's small edition for you to bring my world synthesis table, in the form of a table for everyone to meet the requirements of the synthesis, synthetic items, synthesis methods at a glance. It includes a series of synthesis formulas, such as basic synthesis, square synthesis, tool synthesis, weapon synthesis, armor synthesis, traffic synthesis, mechanism synthesis, food synthesis, miscellaneous synthesis, dye synthesis, wool synthesis, results and brewing, etc. It is hoped that these formulas will be helpful to all of you. Page 5: Prop Synthesis Page 6: Food Synthesis Page 7: Other Synthesis Page 8: Dye Synthesis Page 9: Wool Synthesis Page 10: Alchemy Synthesis Page 7A small tool for synthesizing props in the world, put your mouse over the items you want to synthesize to see how they are synthesized. Torches coal and stick Coal & Stick provide lighting to avoid brushing, melting snow and ice. Workbench Crafting Table Wooden Planks right-click to unfold a 3X3 synthesizer Furnace Round Stone Cobblestone for cooking. Box Chest Wooden Board Wooden PlanksPlanks stores items, temporarily stores items when lost, and two boxes are placed side by side to increase the storage space ladder Ladders stick Sticks are used to climb walls. Fence stick Sticks do not cross the fence, fences (ornaments) in the villa, to prevent falling. Boat board Wooden Planks is used to build steps, eaves, windowsills, etc. Stone Slabs Stones, Bricks, Stone Sandstone Cobblestone Nether Brick Quartz quartz Stone or Brick Stone Brick Sandstone Cobblestone Nether Brick Quartz used for building steps, eaves, windowsills, etc.Stick doors, signboards, signs, and sofas attached to both sides of the stairs. Doors or ingots Wooden Planks or Iron Ingots wooden doors can be opened by hand or by a red stone system; iron doors can only be opened by a red stone system. I especially recommend that my world is a huge game, with mod, archives and many other content, as well as related series of games. The following is the content of my world organized by Castle for you, don't miss it! My World Series games download my world hot tips my world hot tips my world hot patch statement: Castle. com published this article for the purpose of information transmission, does not mean Castle. com agrees with its views or confirms its description, if infringement please writeTell us that we will deal with it in time. Weixin Tencent Weibo Weibo Sina Weibo to join the collection saved to the desktop site navigation single-machine game single-machine classic single-machine large single-machine list of latest updates game patches game tag game special games collection zone games girl mobile games Play Android single-player Android single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single-player Macintosh single- The Great Escape, the King, Glory, Famine, the Seventh Day, Home Page, Home Page, Single Machine, Strategic Network, Traveling Page, Traveling Page, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, Traveling, TravelingLabel Game Gallery CF Activity LOL Activity Current Position: Castle > Strategy > Single Machine Strategy > My World Strategy > Text 2017 094 04 17:53:56 Source: Castle Editor: yxbao I want to comment on the latest recommendations: Page 1: Basic Composition Page 2: Square Composition Page 3: Tool Composition Page 3 Four pages: Garment Synthesis 12345678... 10 Next page Story Mode My World 1.8.9 My World 1.8.8 My World 1.8.1 My World 1.7.9 My World 1.7.9 My World 1.7.2 My World 1.6.4 My World 1.6.2 My World Automatically Updates My World Original My World My World Series My World Server Complex Table Complex Area video area cheat code bigFull command mod collection