Source: Sunly's My World is a very unique sandbox game, although it has no specific play, no plot, no rules of the game, but it can also kill the player's time. Let players experience endless fun. This short edition will share with you my world synthesis list recipes, these are essential for novice players to synthesize recipes, like "my world" game players welcome collection. Warm Tip: It's more convenient to see the synthesized tables on the mobile phone with the guide book APP. Click here to download my World Synthesized Table Formula: Note: Most of the synthesized tables are in general use in all versions. It wasn't until after 1.8 that the new version was slightly modified, and players went to the last page to learn about the new content, the latest version of 1.9.Composite content has been updated! My world synthesis table recipe in great detail: basic synthetic name materials (recipe) composite sketch describes the wood board Wooden Planks log Wood basic building materials. Sticks Wooden Planks used to synthesize torches, bows, fences, wooden plates, tools and weapons. Torches torch coal Carbon and stick Coal & Stick provide lighting to avoid brushing, melting snow and ice. Right-click on the workbench Crafting Table Wooden Planks to expand a 3X3 synthesizer. Furnace pebble Cobblestone is used for cooking. Box Chest Wooden Planks StoreLadders and wooden sticks Sticks are used to climb walls. Fence sticks do not cross fences, fences (ornaments) in the villa, to prevent falls. Boat boards Wooden Planks sail in the water. Wooden Slabs wooden boards on wooden steps Wooden Wood Planks Wood Stone Slabs Stone, brick, stone brick, sand stone, round stone, hell brick, quartz Stone or Brick or Stone Brick or Sandstone or Cobblestone or Nether Brick or QuartThe sign board and the stick Wooden Planks & Stick doorplate, the road sign, the sign board, pastes on both sides of the stairs may form the sofa.The door Doors board or the ingot Wooden Planks or Iron Ingots wooden door can be opened by hand or by the red stone system.The iron door can only be played with the red stone system. Open. Game introduction: In the game, players can create and destroy different kinds of cubes freely in the three-dimensional game space. The inspiration of the game comes from "Endless Miner", "Dwarf Fortress" and "Dungeon Guardian". The founder is Markus Alexei Bossone, who is also the founder of Mojang AB game studio. The current development leader is Jens Bernstein. Players can not only create houses, but also create their own.In the city and the world, players can experience the general feeling of God through their own works. It has received widespread support and response from players, and is praised for its freedom to create and openness to the game as a whole. Game related downloads: WAP mobile phone version shopping hotline: 4006-577-566 video game bus homepage website navigation host PS4 Xbox one switch 3DS PC single-machine homepage game evaluation game thematic digital hardware iPhone Android Hi technology network games comprehensive network game evaluation Gift Center Hand game library star game platform electric even LOL CSGO DOTA2 through the fire line zone DNF World of Warcraft Adventure Island 2 Kings Glory Forum Soapy Forum Croton Forum Focus on video game busAccess to the latest game information anytime, anywhere, log in to the registered personal center to exit the single-bus single-focus news game evaluation game strategy question and answer column game library game thematic game atlas bus mall champion forum homepage > game strategy > novice tutorial > Article body release time: 2016/03/04 17:10:28 source:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00:00 Network Author: Sunly This article Navigation Foundation Synthesis  Square Synthesis  Tool Synthesis  Prop Synthesis  Food Synthesis  Other Synthesis  Dye Synthesis  Wool Synthesis  Alchemy Synthesis  1.8 New and Modified Contents \ New Building Blocks and Transportation \ Weapon Barrier Drugs, Arrows and Shields \\ New Stagnancy The addition and change of retention liquid (1.9): MC integration package (1.9) with built-in modifier.30 MOD) client + server) client + server) super gorgeous MOD Lazy Pack Collection) Minecraft Novice Survival Map) MCSkin 3D Skin Editor V1.3)