The Shadow Dragon at the End of My World Composition List was the first Boss creature officially released by Minecraft (the second is the wither, added in a snapshot of 12w34a). The shadow dragon only appears naturally in the end. The Shadow Dragon used Notch's red dragon model, but it was made of Shadow Dragon style material, dark and purple eyes. The outer shadow dragon is a black, purple eye dragon. It's the biggest creature in the game. The shadow dragon also has gray parts on its body, such as giant wings and other fragmented parts of the body. Like the Ultimate Shadow Man and Spider, players can see the eyes of the Ultimate Shadow Dragon in the dark, so players can easily detect the Ultimate Shadow Dragon in the Ultimate Land. Battle guidelines strongly recommend sleeping by the terminal portal or backing up the archives to prepare for death before entering the terminal. strongIt is strongly recommended to have iron armor or better equipment; otherwise the Ultimate Shadow Dragon will easily knock the player down to the Aerial Islands of the End of the Road. It is also recommended to have a diamond sword and a bow, and 2-4 sets of arrows (or to enclose the magic of "infinite"). But note that the "flame attachment" and "fire arrow" spell have no effect on the shadow dragon. After entering the end of the road, a purple "shadow dragon" life value appears on the top of the screen. This blood strip indicates the life value of the shadow dragon. There will only be one Ultimate Shadow Dragon in each Ultimate Land; Ultimate Shadow Dragon's life value can be supplemented by the nearby Ultimate Shadow Crystal. These crystals can be found at the top of obsidian pillars. Since the Shadow Crystal can replenish the life of the Shadow Dragon that the player has fought so hard, it is recommended that the player destroy the Shadow Crystal before confronting the Shadow Dragon. As the Last Shadow Dragon replenishes its life through the Last Shadow Crystal (there will be a series of rings between the Last Shadow Dragon and the Last Shadow Crystal)Destroy the Shadow crystal can prevent the shadow dragon from being treated and will receive additional damage. If the player applies the same method to all the Final Shadow Crystals, the Final Shadow Dragon will be greatly weakened and will not be able to regain health. Nevertheless, the Shadow Dragons are still more powerful than other creatures. Players can use the sword, bow and arrow, snowball and other tools to destroy the end of the crystal. When the Shadow crystal is destroyed, it will explode and leave a bedrock in its original position. It's easy to hunt Ultimate Shadow Dragons in Creative Mode, where players can simply fly in the air looking for opportunities to shoot with bows and arrows, or even take a sword and fight in hand without fear of being killed. But the Ultimate Shadow Crystal still works, so it must be destroyed; and still be careful not to fall off the floating island, because falling into the void can still kill. The most common and simplest way to kill the Shadow Dragon is to destroy all the Shadow Crystals first and then confront the Shadow Dragon head-on, so that the Shadow Crystal won't take the player's effort.Come to nothing. Because the Shadow Crystal will explode, you are advised to use bows and arrows or snowballs to keep a distance from the Shadow Crystal to avoid injury; otherwise, you are advised to climb up the Obsidian Column by ladder so that in case the player is blown up by the Shadow Crystal, there is also a chance to climb the ladder to avoid falling to death. But we must note that the shadow dragon can destroy the ladder. If possible, players should grab at the end shadow dragon and destroy it before using the Shadow crystal. Players can wait in a corner of the island for the Shadow Dragon to come, then rush to the other end of the island until the Shadow Dragon Blood Bar disappears. In this way, players can gain time to destroy the Shadow crystal. Repeated several times, the player can clear all the Last Shadow crystal in the end of the road. When the shadow dragon sprints to the player, it is facing the player. This creates an opportunity to attack the leading part of the shadow leading to additional damage. But if the player decides to attack the shadow dragon like this, the player will have little time to avoid it.Attack. The Ultimate Shadow Dragon destroys any square in contact with it (except the Ultimate Stone, Obsidian and Bedrock, through which it passes). Therefore, the implementation of TNT tactics will be extremely difficult. The player who is attacked by the last shadow dragon will be repulsed far away, and will often play the player directly down the floating island. Because of its flying ability and speed, the Ultimate Shadow Dragon is more effective in using throwers than in using melee weapons. In view of the high life value and flexible mobility of terminal shadow, players should prepare a lot of ammunition. Since most of the arrows will be emptied, they need at least 2 groups. Magma is useless. The shadow dragon is immune to the flames. Water will also be destroyed by the shadow dragon, which can not be drowned, but can avoid the intrusion of the last filmmakers. The "Repulse" spell below level 8 has little effect on the Shadow Dragon (the spell above level 8 can be obtained with Mod in multiplayer mode); but the Snowball has the ability to stop the Shadow Dragon.Because it can not catch up with the snowball throwing speed after being attacked. Snowballs and other hurls also have the ability to damage the shadow dragon, including the last shadow pearls and eggs. Terminal melee is more vulnerable to melee damage than ranged attacks. Therefore, players can wait for the end shadow dragon to charge and then attack side by side. Beds that can explode in the land of the Last Way can also trigger when the Last Shadow Dragon approaches, causing considerable damage to the Last Shadow Dragon, as can TNT. When the Ultimate Shadow Dragon is killed, it emits several white lights and then explodes, exploding experience balls that allow players to upgrade from nothing to level 78 (a total of 20,000 experience values: 10,000 experience balls, 1,000 experience balls). At the same time, the main world portal will appear on the map, and there will be a dragon egg above it (dragon egg is only a symbolic reward, getting dragon eggs does not have much practical significance, see the "dragon egg" entry). The game will be displayed after entering the portal.It's about 8 minutes and 30 seconds long. The text can be modified by editing minecraft.jar. After the end of the plot, the player will be transported to the rebirth point of the main world. The plot screen can be skipped with the Esc key. The player can return to the end, but no new shadow dragon will appear. Using import and export functions in editing tools, such as MCEdit, one or more Shadow Dragons can be placed in the main or lower world. The shadow dragon will turn almost all the squares that it touches into air and show the effect of white shock waves. Most of the blocks that Negrosaurus could not destroy were naturally formed in the Negrosaurus: Negrosaurus, Obsidian, and bedrock. The Shadow Dragons will go through these squares directly. In the main world, the Ultimate Shadow Dragon attacks the same as in the Ultimate Land; flies in the sky, charges, and is shot back by an arrow. Usually the Shadow Dragons will be there.Players swirl overhead and leave big holes in all terrain. The Shadow Dragons will fly all kinds of creatures like players. If the player hides in the ground, the Ultimate Shadow Dragon will continue to attack, usually in the player's head to the player's place, through which will leave a huge tunnel, seriously destroying the surrounding terrain. The Shadow Dragon behaves the same in the Lower Realm. It can pass through Hellstone and the Lower Realm Fortress, and as time goes on, the pits become very numerous. If the Ultimate Dragon passes through the magma, it will destroy the magma as a regular cube without obvious damage. Basically, the shadow dragon can go through all kinds of terrain without any damage. In the official version 1. 2, if there are multiple Shadow Dragons, only one blood bar will be displayed on the screen. The health bar displays the life value of the last Shadow Dragon hit; if the Shadow Dragon that is displaying the life value is killed, the health bar changes to show another life value. If the shadow dragons flyThe boundary of the map is loaded, and it gets stuck when it reaches the unloaded block. If the player comes near the shadow dragon, the end of the shadow dragon will be loaded, then the shadow dragon will return to normal. If the player tries to distance a group of Shadow Dragons from himself, only one Shadow Dragon will continue to attack, while the others will stay in place. If the player is far enough from the Shadow Dragon Group to kill the one that tracks the attack, the blood count will disappear. The Death Gate of the shadow dragon will bring the player to the end. If the player enters the area where he previously joined the Final Shadow Dragon through the editor, the Blood Bar will be displayed, but empty; once any Final Shadow Dragon is activated, the Blood Bar will be filled and the Final Shadow Dragon will attack normally. If the player locks himself in peace mode in a structure of obsidian or dummy stones and allows the dummy dragon to repeat the attack for about half an hour, this isSome of the Shadow Dragons change their attacking behavior: they often turn around in small areas and make short sprints. In this way, the Shadow Dragons will confine themselves to a certain range and be easily shot. In Creative Mode, when the Ultimate Dragon charges the player, it flies up and flies over the attack and induces it to chase immediately, as well as flying to extreme altitude. Players are advised not to place the Ultimate Dragon in a dimension outside the Ultimate Place, so as not to cause great damage to the environment. If a game breaks down in the last place, it will generate more than one shadow dragon. This will happen if you close the game when fighting with the shadow dragon. At this point, players must leave all the Shadow Dragons away from the end. Deleting the world can fix this problem. Hitting the shadow dragon with a sword will not consume its durability (in single person mode and multiplayer mode). Sometimes, the endShadow Dragons will fly to players, but will not cause harm. They can only push players away. Killing the shadow dragon will not achieve the "Monster Hunter" achievement. If the Shadow Dragons are too far away from the players, they will get stuck and "convulse". If the player decreases the distance from the shadow dragon, the problem is fixed (confirmed in the single player mode). If the Ultimate Dragon is blown up by the Ultimate Shadow Crystal, it remains connected to the healing light that remains in place at the time of death. In rare cases, a master-world portal (confirmed in multiplayer mode) occurs when the Ultimate Dragon is killed. Arrows, eggs, and snowballs fired by the launcher do not cause damage to the Ultimate Shadow Dragon (confirmed in single-player mode). The curse of the sword is not effective for the shadow dragon, but the bow spell can do it. [Source Request] In rare cases, two Shadow Dragons are created naturally (confirmed in multiplayer mode). Mobile phone version CopyrightCopyright 2008-2011 Calendar Game Zone | Beijing ICP 14005912-5 | Calendar Hand Tour Zone | Stone Legend | My World | Cool Run Everyday | Dream Westward Journey | Tribal Conflict | Yin and Yang Master | Ghost of the Queen | Ball Warfare Current Position of Chinese Edition: Interest > Puzzle & Leisure > My World > My World > 2013-11-05 My World Popular Strategy: My World Composite Table | My World Update | My World News | My World Area News My World Game Type: Puzzle & Leisure Game Size: 56.15MB Update Time: 2017-06-24 Game Version: 1.1.0.9 Tour Brief introduction: MIncraft-Pocket Edition My World is a world-renowned 3D first-person Saandroid version download Apple version download mobile phone version | Copyright 2008-2011 Video Game Zone Copyright All Rights Reserved Beijing ICP 14005912-5