My world is a very unique game not a game, it is not a game, because it does not have any specific method of play, also did not have. There are game plots and no rules of the game, saying it is a game, because it can also kill your time and let you experience endless fun. Next, let's start the synthesis strategy of my world today. In the game, players can create and destroy only different kinds of cubes in the three-dimensional game space, inspired by endless miners, dwarf fortresses and dungeon guardians. The founder is Markus Bossone, who is also the founder of Mojang AB game studio. The current development leader is Jens Bernstein.. The player's image in the game can be destroyed or created in single or multiple player mode to create exquisite buildings, creations and artworks by destroying or creating squares. At the same time, it has won the general support and response of the players, and is praised for its freedom to create and the openness of the game as a whole. Today's pocket knitting for you to collate the game's synthesis of relevant recipes, hoping to help the people in need. 1. My World [Basic Formula] Name Material Formula Introduction Wood and wood can be used as building materials to make many things. Any form of tree block will get wood. Sticks can be used to synthesize firearms, arrows, signs, ladders, fences, tools and weapons. Torch rod coal is used to create light. It also melts snow and ice. The product synthesis platform wood creates the 3x3 synthesis platform. Furnace pebbles can be used to smelt minerals. Box wood for useStorage. The two boxes together have double capacity. 2. My World [Production Formula] Name Formula Material Brief Introduction Iron, Gold, Diamond, Bluestone, Iron, Diamond, Bluestone Synthesized with Iron, Gold, Diamond and Sapphire. Furnishings can also be stored and used when they are built. Fluorite fluorite powder is used to create light. It can melt snow and ice, and it can also be used underwater. Wool as a building material can be dyed with dyes. This synthesis is not recommended because wool can be easily obtained from sheep. TNT explosive powder + sand is used to cause explosion. Board, stone, wood, cobblestone, sandstone, brick, and brick are used for long staircases. Placing the same brick on the top will create a double plate of normal size, and a wooden half brick can also be set on fire. Staircase wood brick, cobblestone brick, neon brick for compact staircase.. Snow balls are used as building materials using clay fast clay for storing clay balls or as building materials. Bricks and clay bricks are used as building materials, bookcase timber + books as decoration, or for knowledgeable boundary tables. Rock sand is used as building material. Pumpkin lantern pumpkin + torch is used to create light. Melting snow and ice can be used underwater. My world is a popular 3D first-person sand table game, this 3D first-person sand table game has no gorgeous pictures, more attention to the game. [Check out Details] Total Navigation Mobile Channel Android Software Android Game Apple Game Website Channel Computer Single Machine Information Topics Hot Recommendation Mobile Desktop Edition Fine Recommendation | Latest Update | Recommendation Ranking | Software Classification Publishing System DLL Tag Hot Search: Home Computer Software Android SoftwareApple Software Android Game Single Game Information Course Software Special Software Course-Game Introduction-News Information-Video Course-Game Gift Pack-Other Places in Your Life: Course Home Page > Game Introduction > Hand Tour Introduction > My World Composite Strategy Complete HD Detailed Chart List 20 14-02-11 13:46:29 Source: Internet Readers Praise 289 People 12 Next Page Relevant Download Update Time: 2014-12-20 Operating Environment: Android / Download I would like to comment on a total of people have expressed their views, please choose your view: related content 2016-01-21 2016-01-20 2016-01-18 2016-01-14 2016-01-16 2016-01-162016-01-13 Newest Articles Game Outline Software News Computer Software Mobile Phone Game Explosion Initiation Voting Course Only Initiation Activity Course Explosion Initiation Voting Course Only Initiation Activity Course Cloud at the fingertips is not a hoax Happy Point Elimination Time Hero Legend Lonely Empty The Heart of Men Breaks the Pagoda Breaks the Pagoda Every Day