Baidu Library; Professional Materials; Humanities and Social Sciences; Legal Materials Basic Synthesized before Synthesizing Input? Output Use of Introduced Wood Wood as Building Materials, can be made into many things. Any form of tree block will get wood. Sticks can be used to synthesize firearms, arrows, signs, ladders, fences, tools and weapons. Torch sticks + coal (or charcoal) are used to create light. It also melts snow and ice. The synthetic wood platform of the article creates 3x3's synthetic bench furnace cobblestone which can smelt minerals. Used for storage. Two boxes of wood lined with boxes have double capacity. Synthesized iron block, gold block, diamond block, sapphire block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond block, diamond Fluorite fluorite powder is used to createBuild light. It can melt snow and ice, and it can also be used underwater. Wool as a building material can be dyed with dyes. This synthesis is not recommended because wool can be easily obtained from sheep. TNT explosive powder + sand is used to cause explosion. Stone, wood, pebble, sandstone, brick, and brick are used for long staircases. Placing the same brick on the top will create a double plate of normal size, and a wooden half brick can also be set on fire. Board staircase wood brick cobblestone brick neon brick used for compact staircase. Snowballs are used as building materials. Clay blocks are used for storing clay balls or for building materials. Bricks (block) clay bricks are used as building materials. Stone bricks and stones are used as building materials. Bookcase wood + book as decoration, or used to give knowledge of boundary tables. Sandstone sand is used as building material. Pumpkin lantern pumpkin + torch is used to create light. Melting snowWith ice, it can be used underwater. Block synthesized after the name is called synthetic item name input? Output use is introduced for cutting wood related blocks, faster than manual. Except [wood and half brick] axe stick + wood or pebble or iron or gold or diamond stick + wood or pick pebble or iron or gold or diamond used to dig ore, ore, stone products. Shovel sticks + wood or pebbles or iron or gold or diamonds are used to dig earth, sand, grass, gravel, clay and snow faster than hands. Only shovels can be used to dig snowballs. A hoe stick + wood or cobblestone or iron or gold or diamonds is used for farming, and farms will be used. Lighter iron + big = flint makes fire, and luminous barrel iron is used for storing and transporting water, lava and milk. The compass iron + red stone belt player finds the birth point. Satellite compass and paper creation area can be used for satellite images.To direct the direction. Watch gold + red stone shows the position of the sun and moon, and determines the time. Fishing rods, sticks + lines are used for fishing. It can also be used to pull small potatoes and other entities. Scissors are used for collecting leaves, grass, vines and wool. The speed of wool is faster than that of hand. After synthesizing, the input? Output uses the introduction sword stick + wood or pebble or iron or gold or diamond to knock the damage more than the hand. Bow stick + line allows long range attack to use arrows. Arrow, Flint + stick + feather with bow will allow long range attack. Synthetic armor before synthesizing? Output uses an introductory leather helmet, gives you a protective gold helmet, gives you a protective leather or iron or gold or diamond or iron helmet, gives you a diamond helmet, gives you a protective chain helmet, gives you a protective protective protective protective helmet, gives you a protective protective protective protective leather breastplate, gives you a protective yellowGold breast armor, give you leather or iron or gold or breastplate, diamond or fire, diamond breastplate, diamond breastplate, chain, leg armor, leg armor, leg armor, leg armor, leg armor Your protective diamond leg armor, your protective chain leg armor, your protective leather shoes, your gold shoes, your leather or iron or gold or diamond or iron shoes, your diamond shoes, your chain shoes, your protective protective foot armor, your protective foot armor, your protective vehicle after synthesizing synthetic front transports The introduction of mine car iron is used to transport players or creatures. Power tramcar and tramcar are used to drive other tramcars. Storage tramcar box + tramcar is used to transport goods along the rails.The rail stick + stick used to guide the route of the harvester power rail stick + gold + rutile used to accelerate or decelerate the harvester is like a pressure plate stone pedal + iron + rutile (sending a rutile signal when electrified) function, but can only be activated by a harvester. Detection of rail boat timber for traveling in water is faster than swimming. Input? Output: Use wood or iron presses or red stone to activate wooden doors. The iron gate is similar, but it can only be opened by red stone, button or switch. The trap door is activated by pressing the trap door, which functions like a normal door. The trap door is a 1 x 1 block and lies flat on the ground. And red stone can also be activated. Pedal wood or stone is used to transmit charge, which is transmitted by a player or creature on top. Wooden platen can also give up activation of their things. Used for sending electricity.Ho. Click to hold for about one second, then close again. The charge to be sent needs to be activated again. Button stone rutile + Stick torch continuously sends an electric charge, or can be used as a receiver / transmitter when connected to the side block. It can also be used for low level lighting. Stick + pebble lever is used to turn on or off the charge. Turn on or off until you click again. Drum wood + Red Stone Click to make a sound. Right click to change tone. Record wood + diamond machine is used to play music. The pebble + bow + Red Stone launcher is used for launching arrows or other items when the transmitter receives the charge. The relay rutile + rutile torch + delay stone device is used to extend the rutile circuit or to delay the output of the rutile circuit. But the disadvantage is that it can not be used to extend the high frequency circuit. Piston cobblestone + wood + iron ingots + Red Stone pushing squares orEntity. Sticky slime ball + piston pistons push or recover squares and solids. When you eat the stewed mushroom, the bowl will retain the mushroom soup bowl + Red Mushroom + brown mushroom recovery bowl, which is reusable. Bread wheat restored satiety sugar cane is used to synthesize cake to eat one bite of restored cake milk + sugar + egg + wheat to eat all restored satiety biscuit cocoa bean + wheat restored satiety each biscuit restored Golden Apple gold piece + Red Apple satiety and automatic blood feeding. It is the only food that can restore the entire hunger bar. Eat a watermelon to restore the watermelon block slice watermelon satiety, compact storage watermelon. However, breaking a watermelon block gives only 3-7 watermelons. Watermelon seeds slice watermelon used for watermelon miscellaneous synthesis.The name of the synthesized product after the formation of iron block gold block diamond block Lapis block input? Output use introduction mineral block can be put into the worktable decomposition mineralization. Draw stick + line as decoration. The brand wood + Stick shows the text entered by the player. Ladder sticks are used for vertical climbing. Its material is glass. They only have glass windows and can be erect and can be picked up after they are knocked down. Iron railings are similar to those of fences, but the difference is that their height is 1. Paper sugarcane is used for the synthesis of books and maps. The book is used for the synthesis of bookshelves. The fence stick is 1.5 square meters high and is an insurmountable barrier for ordinary creatures to enclose your home, farm spiders can climb into the wall to enclose the ghost brick fence like a fence, made of ghost brick. It can only be opened with the right key and not affected by the red stone circuit fence door, stick + wood.And the direction it opens is always following you. Bed wood + wool is used to convert nights faster to daytime, and if in the world players sleep in bed it will change regeneration points (bed colors are always the same, regardless of whether you use different colors of wool to synthesize) gold fragments can be used to synthesize tools, armor, clocks and power rails. The end of the eye is finished. The Pearl + flame powder is used for positioning, and can be pieced together into a complete door. Input and output of the name of the synthetic article after the synthesis of dyes The introduction is used to dye wool white, and it can also be used as fertilizer. Let mushrooms, trees, grass, flowers, watermelon seedlings and other things grow quickly. Bone meal bone light gray dye bursa + bone meal or gray dye + bone meal is used to dye wool light gray, the difference is that 2 ink bursa + 1 bone meal produces 3 and 1 gray dye+1 bone powder can produce only 2. Grey dye ink sac and bone meal are used as dyes for dyeing wool into grey. Red dye rose is used as a dyestuff for dyeing wool into red. Orange dye Red dye+Yellow dye is used as a dye for dyeing wool into orange yellow dye Dandelion as a dye for dyeing wool into yellow light green dye Cactus green+bone powder as a dye for dyeing wool into blue light blue dye Bluestone dye+bone powder as a dye It is used for dyeing wool to light blue cyan dye, light blue dye + bone powder as a dye, for dyeing wool to blue purple dye, Turquoise dye + red dye as a dye, for dyeing wool to purple magenta dye, purple dye + pink dye [or] Turquoise dye + bone powder + 2 red dye[or] Lapis dye + pink dye + red dye as a dye, used for dyeing wool into magenta pink dye red dye + bone powder as a dye, used for dyeing wool into Pink Wool synthesis to synthesize the name of the synthetic article input? Output after the introduction of the name for light gray wool In decoration, painting. Grey wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Black wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Red wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Orange wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Yellow wool is used for decoration and painting. Light green wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Green wool is used for decoration and painting. Light blue wool wool is used for decoration and painting. Blue wool, wool decoration, painting. Blue wool, wool decoration, painting. Purple wool wool decoration, painting. Magenta wool wool decoration, painting.Pink wool wool decorating and painting. Brown wool wool decoration, painting. Conjunction and brewing synthesis after the name of the synthetic item input? Output use of glass bottle glass for brewing. Pot iron is used to store water for glass bottles. Brewing rack flame rods + cobblestones for brewing. The flame powder flame rod can be combined with Ande pearl to synthesize a Ande eye. It can also be used for synthetic magma frost. The magma frost, the slime sphere and the flame powder, are used in potion and are mainly used for fireproofing. It is mainly used for brewing fire prevention potion. Fermented Spider Eye Spider Eye + brown mushroom + sugar to make synthetic water. All the potions produced with the eyes of fermented spiders have negative effects. They are mainly used for brewing spatter. Shiny watermelon slices, watermelon + gold fragments are used to brew the potion of restoring life. Gold fragment gold is used for the synthesis of healthy watermelon enchantment Book + Diamond + Obsidian for enchanting tools.My World Composite Table Baidu Library Wealth Value Baidu Home Page Login Feedback Download Client Web Page News Post Bar Know Music Pictures Video Map Library Baidu Library Professional Materials Legal Materials of Humanities and Social Sciences My World Composite Table Legal Materials Humanities and Social Sciences Professional Materials No Evaluation 0 People Reading 0 Downloads Report Documents My World Composite Table Legal Materials Humanities and Social Sciences Professional Resources Material. Friends gave me gold coins for his own turn to synthesize the most interesting game in history, the most complete strategy document contributor 563461357 contributed in 2012-10-27 1Documents recommend that I have no evaluation of the world's basic synthesis Table 2 Pages free evaluation 7 Pages free evaluation my world's mechanism synthesis Table 4 Pages free evaluation my world's weapons synthesis Table 1 page free evaluation 4 Pages free evaluation my world's food synthesis Table 2 Pages free evaluation Page Free No Evaluation 2 Pages Free No Evaluation 7 Pages Free 13 Pages Free Like This Document Also Like No Evaluation 21 Pages Free 23 Pages 1 Download Ticket No Evaluation 22 Pages 1 Download Ticket 25 Pages Free 13 Pages 1 Download Ticket 2017 Baidu | Computing Services Provided by Baidu Cloud | Read Before Using Baidu | Library Agreement | Guangzhou Information service, corporate library, website map