34 episodes of the full-length TV series titled Seizure of the Eastern Ages: 2002 Region: Mainland China Type: Fantasy Ancient Clothes Martial Arts Director: Cui Fengjuan Starring: Zuo Xiaoqing Ren Yuan Yuan Han Dong Wu Qilong Fan Bingbing Brief Introduction: The story by the Ming Dynasty Ning'an Princess "Fan Bingbing" travel captured, the emperor 24 lost, nine border soldiers prepared to be stolen.. And cause. "Ren Quan" since the understanding and love of the Emperor's favorite daughter by Fan Bingbing Princess Ning'an, namely involved in the complex feelings of enmity between the master and the emperor, and finally into a terrible conspiracy, almost disgraced, almost died. Share more and guess you like Wu Qilong/Han Yuqin/Yang Guang/Yang Junyi Tranquility/Wu Qilong/Gauss/Chen Haomin Wu Qilong/Li Qihong/Niu Zhenhua Shi Xiaolong/Mu Tingting/Yu Bo/Wang Jianfu Huge/LinYichen / Yuan Hong / Liu Shihu / Huo Jianhua / Yang Power / Tang Yan Wu Qilong / Masu / Fan Shaohuang / Guo Zhenning in Bo / Cai Shaofen / Yang Junyi / Chen Farong Zhao Wenzhuo / Lu Liangwei / Wang Xuebing Wu Qilong / Zhu Yin / Yu Bo / Maya Shu Zhaowei / Wu Qilong / Liu Zi / Hao Wen Zheng Shaoqiu / Guo Donglin / Liao Jiayi / Yuen Hongzuo Xiaoqing/Wu Qilong/Lu Yulin Wang Huaying/Guyang/Qin Yan/Chang Jiahui Fan Wenfang/Wu Zongxian/Chen Xiaochun Huangyi/Qiao Zhenyu/Wang Ban/Astro Shen Xiaohai/Li Xiaoran/He Mei Ba/Wujing Wujing/Taohong/Yu Feihong/Xingminshan Zhongli Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Wu Li Hua/Liang Guanhua/Wei Zongwan/Li Wulei/Hao Lei / Shi XiaolongWu Mengda/Wang Zhigang/Yuan Jieying Zhang Guoli/Deng Jie/Zhao Liang/Liu Zhao Wujing/Xu Jinjiang/Guo Jianyong/Yang Yingna Nieyuan/Fang Zhongxin/Zhong Xintong/Tan Yaowen Duchun/Cuilin/Autumn Porcelain Show/Li Caihua Zhang Zhilin/Zhong Hanliang/Li Xiaorong/Song Jialu Wei/Taohong/Guan Yonghe/Niu Qingfeng Opera According to director and actor Yang Lishan / Chen Jiayan / Liu Xiaohai Wu Qilong / Renquan / Fan Bingbing / Zuo Xiaoqing Jiao Enjun / Zhang Yan / Niuli / Yang Xin, the plot of the first episode of Kwangtung Shocked: Daming, Shizong Jiajing years, frequent foreign troubles, civil unrest. Although the imperial court was repeatedly suppressed, its leaders, the dragon and the celestial powers, were superior in strength, making the officers and soldiers helpless. Those who can compete with them are only four apprentice who are famous for their martial arts, Zhuge and Hou.. The elder brother is good at using the green dragon sword in cold blood; the second brother is good at using the one door secret weapon (butterfly knife) ruthlessly; the third brother is good at using the iron sand palm and the ring of death to pursue his life. Four of them were orphans, and became the invincible masters of martial arts under the training of Zhuge Hou. The four apostles even set the border on the emperor. The story of the second episode: the emperor thought that the princess of Ning'an was a suitable age for marriage. Two people agreed that Wen Shian, the son of Wen Tai Shi, was the most suitable. Elegant breeze see cold blood and Princess often flirtatious, not taste in the heart, cold blood more show that treat elegant breeze like a sister, the wind is very sad, ruthless look in the eyes is more painful.. At this time (Butterfly Army) Wuye led several ninjas and Dagu bravely wanted to capture the princess, cold-blooded and Princess fighting spirit, so ignore, and Xue Jing, Zhuge Hou, Yafeng and so on rushed to rescue the princess, the two sides were fiercely entangled. The story of the third episode: the cold to save the merciless, a Wen Shian's palm.The princess was busy feeding cold blood. Wen Shian looked at the cold shoulder and felt that the princess was fond of cold-blooded. Ruthlessly challenge Wen Shi'an, warm ridicule cold-blooded has been defeated under his hands, how can he challenge him? Ruthlessly play a butterfly valley only door hidden weapon (butterfly knife), and vowed to Shi'an do not look at nobody, because "the knife is a butterfly, butterfly is a knife"! The Princess asked the emperor to send guards protection, the emperor thought that the princess was Wen Shi'an, gladly agreed. But the princess actually refers to people who are cold-blooded. Why does the emperor dislike the princess? Episode 4: The Princess leads Baoyin to visit the injured cold-blooded, cold-blooded and ungrateful. Baoyin calls cold-blooded a real cold-blooded animal. The princess got angry and went back to Imperial Garden to meet Wen Shi Bao. Warm up to the princess. Cold-blooded also felt that he was really too unkind, so go to the princess to make peace, meet Wen Shian, was scorned, the two people beat out.. TrappingThe fifth episode of Zhen Guan Dong: ruthless and elegant wind met the horse thief on the road. Yafeng to treat ruthlessness, go to the drugstore to buy medicinal materials, Yafeng to the drugstore to meet Ito, but the growth and ruthless Ito all bought. Ito bitter meat, and all the drugs to ya Feng. The wind moved, but doubted Ito's heart. Tagu Yong asks Ito why he falls in love with Yafeng? Ito says he sees many beautiful women, and he only wants to confuse her and disturb her in order to compete with ruthlessness! All that time was youth 2017-06-07 Ming Emperor Jiajing years, civil strife and foreign invasion were still frequent, Mr. Wulin Ming Zhuge with his disciples relentless, iron hand, chase after. Destiny, elegant breeze, flowering flowers, soft snow pretend to have a grudge with the emperor and the princess, pretending to offer a nine-sided military plan and princess, without a single soldier or soldier, they won the three frontier martyrs, Tatars, local officers and other enemy commanders and generals, and made great contributions, while the other disciples were cold-blooded.Protect the real princess. Seven disciples Jianghu people called "Butterfly Valley Seven Ying", because of this great achievement, four male disciples received... Details Butterfly Valley Seven Ying Chinese girls face paste are very beautiful ah, many girls imitated when young. This drama involves a lot of things, and there are many contents of dog blood. During the reign of Emperor Jiajing in the Ming Dynasty, internal strife and foreign invasion were frequent. With his disciples'ruthlessness, iron hand, pursuing life, elegant wind, flowering flowers and soft snow, Mr. Zhuge disguised himself as a person and princess who resented the emperor. He pretended to present the nine-sided soldiers' plans and princesses. He won three Japanese invaders (the Butterfly Army, Tatar Army, Tuguan and other enemy generals) at no cost. First,... The details of butterflies and girls' faces are beautiful. When I was little, many girls imitated. This drama involves a lot of things, and there are many contents of dog blood. During the reign of Emperor Jiajing in the Ming Dynasty, civil strife and foreign invasion were frequent. Mr. Zhuge, a famous resident of Wulin, disguised himself as a hater against the emperor by his disciples'ruthlessness, iron hand, pursuit of life, elegant wind, flowering flowers, soft snow and so on.Princess, pretend to offer the nine-sided soldiers and princess, without a single soldier and a single soldier, you will get three major Japanese invaders (the chief generals of the East Ying Butterfly Army, Tatars, Native Officers and other enemy forces). Details of the TV news page Wechat knows more about pictures, videos, medical science and English. You have not subscribed to any content ~Home Film and TV. Sina Weibo Douban QQ Space Tencent Weibo Renren Girlfriend Love to Play All the Search Results of this Film Guess You Like Play Pictures with Director/Actor Works Diversity Story Highlights Comment This Film Search Results More Results 7.3 Adventure Wang 6.36 Piano Devil 7.3 Silk Road Heroes 7.5 Peacock Ling 7.2 Shooting and Carving Heroes 7.5 Immortal Sword Legend 35.9 New White7.3 Water Moon Cave 6.7 7 Swords Down Tianshan 7.2 Xiao 11 Lang Wu Qilong 6.4 Knight-errant Woman Running Tianguan 6.4 God-doctor Avenue 6.9 in Winter 5.2 Lotus Prince 5.8 Guess-of-the-Mind Sword 6.4 New Female Wife 6.8 Days Silkworm Changed into the Third 6.5 Horse-whistling West Wind 7.5 Jianghu Beauty 5.7 Drunken Fist Zhang 37.3 Goddess of the Hand Catches Beauty 6.7 Kangxi Micro-clothes Private Interview 3 6.5 Water Margin 6.1 Snow Mountain Flying Fox Wang Jing Edition 7.0 Flag Hero 8.4 Backwater Cold Saying Wang Ye Cui Fengjuan Directed by left Xiaoqing Actor Han Dong Actor Wu Qilong Actor 5.5 Warmth Wan Family 6.1 Four Great Seven Flying Knives of the Seismology Catches Guandong 5.7 Spring 201706-07 "Butterfly Valley Seven Brings" 2017-06-05 Singing and Laughing Ao Jianghu Sacrifice to Canghai 2017-06-02 Loading More Movie Comedy Love Action Sci-fi Mainland Korean Idol Drama Ancient Dress Anti-Japanese Espionage War Thai Drama Korean Drama Yang Yang Yang Variety Emotional Reality Show Interview Life Food Game Dating Competitive Animation Harem fever