Browse times: 45169 content tips: QQ group shared download file always shows download failure first, version is not the latest, if you used to use a green or streamlined version of the QQ client please uninstall, re-download the latest version of Tencent QQ installation. Secondly, too many system garbage files, mainly generated by the Internet garbage files, the use of 360 security guards thoroughly clean up, and then restart QQ can be. Thirdly, maybe Tencent server problem, maybe Tencent server in your area has a temporary problem, and your IP has unfortunately become the kind of inaccessible, you can try to use a proxy to access it! Network is normal, restart QQ can be fifth, you accidentally uninstall QQ related plug-ins GuideDocument Format: DOC | 1000 | | Document Star: QQ Group Shared Download File always shows download failure first, version is not the latest, if you used to use a green or streamlined version of the QQ client please uninstall, re-download the latest version of Tencent QQ installation. Secondly, too many system garbage files, mainly generated by the Internet garbage files, the use of 360 security guards thoroughly clean up, and then restart QQ can be. Thirdly, maybe Tencent server problem, maybe Tencent server in your area has a temporary problem, and your IP has unfortunately become the kind of inaccessible, you can try to use a proxy to access it! Network is normal, restart QQ can be fifth, you are not small.Carefully uninstalling QQ-related plug-ins causes qqq group sharing to fail to open and download. Carelessly, some plug-ins have been deleted in the Internet option-program-management add-in, and QQ will appear loading page === please wait. The solution is to reinstall IE. Sixth, it may be the reason for setting up your IE browser. Open the IE browser, click on the tool - Internet option - "Security" and set the security level to "Medium - High". You can also download files from group sharing by setting the area settings on the Privacy tab to Advanced. The user also uploaded the files from QQ group sharing and downloaded the reasons for the total display failure of the files - Academic Views on the Docker Barba Integral Background Pure Color Background Document Industry Examination Courseware Technical informationFinancial and Financial Research Report Legal Literature Management Documents Social Sciences Leisure Computer Economic Library Digital Media Textbook Auxiliary Enterprise Archives Network Literature Task Collection Register Upload My Documents Download Collection/31/1 Results Go to Dooka Baba Total Station Search Yunyun 8642 Upload at: 2014-08-01 Library Collection 100 thousand + the contributor is busy and has nothing left. Download this document directly to download more failures with the series of documents about QQ2009 group sharing can not upload and download file solution Windows 7 shared file failure? Failure reason value C# download file (show progress) method to achieve the use of curl download file (progress bar display) batch download QQ group sharing Files to download files using curlWhy eBay failed in China uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Group Sharing Download File Always Display Failure Reason Value Fast Download QQ Group Sharing File Method Download File Can't Be Continued Cause Qq Group Sharing File Download Slowly How to Do QQ Group Sharing Download File Always Display Failure Reason Upload Date: 2014-08-01 19:31:22 Success Point Praise+1