I would like to comment on (0) My world synthetic horse is a creature that can be tamed and reproduced. So the horse's characteristics are similar to those in mod. Once a horse is tamed and saddled, it can control movement through the mouse and the direction key. Different types of horse armour can be equipped with horses. They can be tied to the fence by tether. Horses have different breeds. This is similar to cats. The growth of foals can be accelerated by feeding apples, wheat, sugar, bread, golden apples and hay blocks. Unlike most other passive species, horses can only be generated in plain biome. So horses are less common than other creatures, but in the plains they are just as likely to form. The formation of horseback group is 2-6.Any horse in a group has the same skin color, though some have different colors. All types of horses, including donkeys, have the same probability of formation, although donkeys look scarce. Mules do not naturally generate. They can only be mated by horses and donkeys. Like most creatures, horses can be created using brush eggs in creative mode, and the skin and color of the horse produced using brush eggs are random; donkeys are considered a kind of horse, so they do not have their own brush eggs. Mules, like in survival mode, cannot be created naturally or by brushing eggs, but only when horses and donkeys mate. Appearance foal: Donkey: Mule: Skull horse: There are five kinds of horses in the game: ordinary horse, donkey, mule, skull horse and zombie horse. Horses of different varieties have unique characteristics and markings. Unlike wolves and leopard cats, the appearance of a horse will not be altered by being tamed. There is no difference between a tame horse and a wild horse unless it is equipped.Saddle, Ma Kai, box. There is also a horse that looks like a donkey and can breed mules with horses. There are also two kinds of undead horses in the game: zombie horse and skeleton horse, but these two horses are not domesticated, and can only be generated through the map editor. Ordinary horses have a sturdy stature with one of seven basic colors: white, beige, brown, dark brown, black, grey, and chestnut. Horses also have second colors as markings: (no), stripes, snowflakes, varnishes, and black spots. So there are 35 kinds of hair color. (for horses' hair color data, see horse variety) horses are the most basic species and sometimes produce foals. You can wear saddles and horse armour. The foals are not domesticated, but can be accelerated by food. See below. Donkey donkeys are more regular than Ma Xiaoyi. They have erect ears. Their hair is not prominent, but they are directly painted behind their necks and heads. All donkeys have brown grey fur, ankles, ears and bristles.Hair and tail. If you put a box on the donkey, you can store a total of 15 5x3 things. Donkey and mule donkey is a variety of horses, which is more rare than common horses. The way of feeding is Ma Xiangtong. Mules and donkeys can wear saddles and carry boxes (open by pressing the Shift button and the right button on the mule / donkey body) (drop boxes when they die), but can not wear horse armor. Like real life, horses and donkeys can breed mules, but mules can not reproduce themselves. The skeleton of the skull Ma Ma can not be domesticated. The zombie variant of the zombie horse is not domesticated and has leather harness. Horse riding is one of the fastest ways to move in games. Horses can be used to climb mountains. They can easily climb up a square of height and jump when necessary. Horses can ride in up to 2 square feet of water. Donkeys and mules can be equipped with boxes for use as pack animals. Skeletons and zombies are currently useless creatures, because they areThey can not be tamed, but their appearance and their similarities indicate that they may become enemies in the future. Behavioral horseback is generated in the prairie biome of the main world, with a population of at least four. Horses are rare than other passive species, and donkeys are even less common. Most members of a horse race have similar coat colors and patterns. Foals can be found in a group of adult horses. Mules, skeleton horses and zombie horses don't naturally generate. Mules can be bred through donkeys and horses. At present, skeleton horses and zombie horses can only be generated through third party editing programs. Horses roam the main world leisurely, stopping occasionally to stand on their hind legs, stretch their forelegs, flick their tails, or bow their heads to graze. Unlike sheep, horse grazing does not actually cause any grass to be consumed. They sometimes rush toward cactus and cause suicide. Players may attract horses' attention when approaching. Any horse, even a wild horse, can be allowed to use a tethered rope.And never resist. But if a player tries to equip a wild horse with a saddle, the horse will stand up and kick the front foot as a sign of resistance, causing the saddle to fail; however, this will not hurt the player. Even if attacked by a player, the horse will remain passive. Skulls and zombie horses cannot be tamed; even though they may become enemies later on, they are completely passive and not aggressive at this time. Horses also open their mouths and make different sounds, depending on the type; ordinary horses make horse hisses, while donkeys and mules make a hoarse. The skull horse will make metal noise, and the zombie horse will make an unknown groan. Horses don't like water, so when you ride a horse into three squares of water, the horse will throw you into the water, and can't get on the horse in the water. You can put a few squares under the horse so that Ma can return to the land. To domesticate wild hands and domesticate wild horses, you need to approach and right-click to ride. There is a good chance that they will be thrown away. Domestication processSpeed up by feeding apples, wheat or sugar. The sign of domestication is that horse is no longer trying to throw you off. At this point, you just press the stealth key to dismount and then saddle the horse. Without other measures, the success rate of the first domestication attempt was 0; the second was 5% (if the second failed) and the third was 10%, and so on. Specific foods can enhance the success rate of domestication. Breeding of golden carrots or golden apples can feed horses into reproductive mode. The offspring will inherit the base color and the markup color of any parent. In rare cases, it will mutate into other colors. The offspring may be more physically fit than their parents, such as higher life expectancy, running speed, or jumping height. If you have a domesticated, saddle-mounted horse, you can control its course. Press the jump key to store the force and release the horse to jump. Without the influence of the potion, the horse can jump 4 high. Stealth key can be dismounted.Water entering the 2 compartment will also force the horse to dismount. The hunger and oxygen hurdles are replaced by the horse's life bar when the horse is riding in a jumping accumulator. The material is slightly different from the player's life bar. The experience column is replaced by the horse's jumping column, which represents your horse's jumping height. When riding a horse, you can use anything, such as eating or throwing potions, opening doors, controlling rutile machinery, opening boxes, using a tool table, a furnace, etc. You can also destroy, place squares and attack other creatures. You can ride carrots and carrots to enhance their health. When the horse gallops, the highest speed is higher than the sprint speed. The horse will jump up to 1 grid height. When riding a horse, the player's width is slightly wider than 1 grid, so he can't pass through the 1-grid wide area and the height is 3 grid, which means he must be careful of choking through the 2-grid doorway. Riding is likely to go through 2 obstacles, but not 100%. You can also control the horse climbing the ladder. Speed of horse asternIt's extremely slow and walks sideways at the same speed as people, so it's recommended to turn the horse's head in the direction you want to move in. All horses have different and random values of life, jumping height and maximum speed. These values are determined by nature and are not affected by food or parents. Maximum Capability Life: 30 Speed: 14.1 Square / Second (Maximum Speed) Jump Height: 5.5 Square Height to find a good horse is completely random, according to current experimental results, mating and breeding is not the best way to find a good horse, because the horse's ability is not affected by its parents. Do you know that horses are more difficult to fall than others? Their falls are judged to be 7 or more. If you attack an untamed horse, you will not be able to tame the horse unless you enter the game again. Android mobile phone iPhone, Android flat panel iPadAndroid TV Sports Development and Leisure Management Card ROM Brushing Machine ROM Brushing Machine Package Resource Brushing Machine Course Root Brick Rescue Course Information Channel News Strategic Course Evaluation Topic Questions and Answers A cute head, a lovely head, an obsessive-compulsive head, an aesthetic head, a beautiful head, a scenic head, a star head.Sex Head Phone Ring Call SMS Personality Popular Funny Alarm Clock Movie Animation Game Dance Computer Software Hand Tour Simulator ROOT Brush Phone Management Picture Processing Video Editor APP Computer Edition Hand Tour Packet Other 10,000 Fruits 777 Happy Fried Golden Flower Home APP Download Hand Tour Computer Software ROM Brush I want to comment on (0) Zombies: Scanning, Watching, Official Wechat, Getting the latest information anytime, anywhere, Top 10, 000, 000 Fruits, Downloads, 10, 000, 000 People Playing Happy Fried Golden Flowers Download 10 million + people play new joys, win three downloads 1 million + people play in companyRing jewel storm download 1 million + people playing Beibei game