The notebook computer enters the CMD command: Netsh WLAN set hosted network mode = allow SSID = XXX (hot name) key = YYYYYY (password) after the successful opening of the network connection will be an additional network card "Microsoft Virtual WiFi Miniport Adapter" wireless connection 2, for convenience, renamed it "WiFi". If not, just update the wireless network card driver OK. In the Network Connection window, right-click the network connection that is connected to the Internet (e.g. broadband connection), select Properties Share, check Allow Other Connections (N) and select WiFi. After confirmation, the shared icon will appear next to the network icon sharing the network.The word "broadband connection" has been shared to "WiFi". 4. Then enter the CMD command: Netsh WLAN start hosted network, start WiFi sharing and then enter the CMD command: Netsh WLAN stop hosted network, close WiFi sharing 5. Finally, you can connect to WIFI with your mobile phone. You can create two command shortcuts (1: open, 2: close) on the desktop without typing each generation. I want to ask questions Home Questions Sogou Guide Sogou Dog Skills Ask Doctors Ask Doctors Answer Doctors Answer My Questions I want to consult a lawyer Ask a lawyer Answer My Consultation I want to consult a lawyerQuestion 0 Best Answer Book Answer by Questioner Recommended Netizens Answer 2014-05-30 Answer Input CMD Command: Netsh WLAN set hosted network mode = allow SSID = XXX (Hot Name) key = YYYYYYYYYYY (password) Open successfully A wireless connection 2 with a network card called "Microsoft Virtual WiFi Miniport Adapter" was created and renamed "WiFi" for convenience. If not, just update the wireless network card driver OK. In the network connection window, right-click the network connection that has been connected to Internet (for example, broadband connection).Choose Properties Share, check Allow Other Connections (N) and select WiFi. Once determined, the word "shared" appears next to the network icon that provides network sharing, indicating that "broadband connection" has been shared to "WiFi". 4. then enter the CMD command character: Netsh WLAN start hostednetwork, start WiFi share.