Tianya Forum; how long will it take for Zhuhai Macao to sign again? I signed Macao on 2 last month, and 16 passed Macao. If I sign it tomorrow, if I can sign it, can I sign with you in Macao, Hongkong? To leave Zhuhai for Guangzhou, I want to sign the card and go again. One drawing: 0 sheets | More Pearl River Delta Free Line Signs (G Signs) must be separated by one month between the two Macau Signs. Signed in November, after endorsement, the next sign must be crossed after December, January 1 will be able to sign again. You can sign up to six times a year, up to six times a year. There must be an interval of one month between the two signatures. But sometimes you can go through Macau twice a month. For example, if you sign in October, if you pass Macau on December 1st, you can sign again on the 2nd day after you come back. If you take back the signature after 10 working days, you can go back again. Yesterday I went to Gongbei to do the endorsement.So Myanmar? I don't know, but people there say, anyway, you can go to Macau now! Is that true? Also, I put a piece of paper on my book, and I don't know any of the words on it! Reply to the third floor, @Wonderful Continuation 100 Yesterday I went to Gongbei to sign, how is Myanmar? I don't know, but they did. They said, anyway, you can go to Macau now! Is it true? Also, I put a piece of paper on my notebook, which I don't know any of the words! Should be a Myanmar visa for you, with a passport into Macau, you can stop for seven days. Many women in Australia use this trick to buy the air tickets for Bangkok on the same day, and they can stay for half a month at a time. The second floor is vague. You mean that it was signed on Oct. 30 and can be re-signed on Dec. 1? Only once every November instead of 60 days? It should be a visa for Burma.Passport into Macao, you can stop for 7 days. Many women in Australia use this trick to buy the air tickets for Bangkok on the same day, and they can stay for half a month at a time. The second floor is vague. You mean it was signed on October 30th and can be signed again on December 1st? Only once every November instead of 60 days? Of course not 60 days. It's a month apart. If it is signed on October 30 and used in November, it can be re-signed on December 1 without a valid Macao endorsement. How long will it take for Macao visa to sign again? I signed Macao on 2 last month, and 16 passed Macao. If I sign it tomorrow, if I can sign it, can I sign with you in Macao, Hongkong? To leave Zhuhai for Guangzhou, I want to sign the card and go again. How long does it take for a Macau visa to be re-signed? _Zhuhai Tianya Forum Tianya Community ForumSheng Entertainment Humanities Public Opinion Stock Car Fashion Emotion Travel Star Workshop Area South Korea Hainan Sanya Chongqing Guangdong Shenzhen Guangxi Fujian Guizhou Shandong Shaanxi other financial farm game brand crowdsourcing contact customer service Tianya APP contains? Tianya Forum > Zhuhai [I want to post] landlord: Gen Qiongjia Guangdong time: 2012-12-12:20:55:29 click: 95218 reply: 8 dehydrated reward landlord setting font: margin: background: restore: from Tianya community client | report | share | landlord | praise author: motonow time: 2012-12-20:59:00 report |Collection | 1st floor | reward | reply | comment | praise author: Lovers South Road South Time: 2012-12-12 22:45:00 Report | Collection | 2nd floor | reward | reply | comment | praise author: wonderful continue 100 hours: 2012-12-13:11:27:00 report | collection | 3rd floor | reward | reply | comment praise author: quiet waiting time: 2012-12-13:31:12:31 00: is that passport for you? From Tianya Community Client | Report | Collection | 4th Floor | Reward | Reply | Comment | Author: simexclj