TV game news Tencent game [microblog] [Yuzi will 2014-11-19:11:17 foreign players Flashcode recently produced "My World" 3D animation, the author uses Blender, Adobe Premier and Make Human and other software tools, making the game's original rough pixels become flat. Slide polygon map, full of fashionable modernism style... Please enjoy. Time: 2'55'Play: 0 Source: Tencent Video Building a Spacious Dwelling is playing this landing PC, Xbox 360, PS3, PSV, PS4, XBO and mobile hand games platform, the cumulative sales have exceeded 50 million, registered users exceeded hundreds of millions of people.The game focuses on allowing players to explore, interact, and change a map dynamically generated from a cubic meter square. In addition to squares, environmental functions also include plants, organisms and objects. Some of the activities in the game include collecting minerals, fighting hostile creatures, synthesizing new squares and collecting tools for various resources found in the game. The ultimate goal of the player is to travel to the end of the road and bring down the shadow dragon. Home News, Sports, Entertainment, Finance, Securities, Automobile, Real Estate, Technology, Digital Games, Education, Fashion and Culture Game [micro-blog] Yu Zi will 2014-11-19 11:17, I want to share QQ space.QQ Friend Sina Weibo Weibo Friend 0 Building a Spacious Dwelling Closed Automatically Play Related Album Recommended Video: Close the Video Text is Over, You can click Alt + 4 to comment on related reading: 3D My World. 2014.11.19.2014.11.19.2014.11.18. Dinosaur World Series 79. Dinosaur World Series 48 Search: Sweep, watch the news on your mobile phone! Share it with friends and friends: QQ space QQ friends Sina Weibo two-dimensional code popular recommendation MOBA suspense station online recommendation microblog: Tencent News Tencent News Tencent pictures Tencent official microblog today topic Tencent official microblog Global media live broadcast newsEncyclopedia news brochure micro-video Tencent micro-blog all listen to all listen to all listen to [Responsible Editor: Rubincai] Hot Search: Enterprise Services Game Recommended Other Modules Live Broadcasting into Live Broadcasting Essence Recommended more Tencent love to play ghosts blow lights Baizhan Shacheng new blood River and lake robbery notes immortal robbery Blue Moon Legend Naruto OL legendary hegemony more recent test game account