Video game news 58 How would Steve, the diamond character in the game, react to the news? Time: 1'4': 4 Sources: Tencent's "My World" hero, who learned that he had been bought by Microsoft at a high price, was broadcasting Conan O'Brien, the famous American talk show host, to his show The answer was that Steve had built a strip club right after he heard about it and rewarded himself with it. It was a real pain in the neck. This is landing on PC, Xbox360, PS3, PSV, PS4, XBO and mobile mobile platform.Sales volume has exceeded 50 million mark, and registered users have broken through hundreds of millions of people. The game focuses on allowing players to explore, interact, and change a map dynamically generated from a cubic meter square. In addition to squares, environmental functions also include plants, organisms and objects. Some of the activities in the game include collecting minerals, fighting hostile creatures, synthesizing new squares and collecting tools for various resources found in the game. The ultimate goal of the player is to travel to the end of the road and bring down the shadow dragon. Home News, Sports, Entertainment, Finance, Securities, Automobile, Real Estate, Technology, Digital Games, Education, Fashion and Culture Game [micro-blog] Yu Zi will be 2014-09-19:17:32 I want to share QQ space QQ buddy Sina Weibo Weibo Friend 0 "My World" protagonist learned that the acquisition of Microsoft's sky-high price after the closure of the relevant album recommendation video: put the video body is over, you can press the ALT + 4 comments related to read: My World. 2014.09.18.2014.09.17.2014.0 9.17.Relevant Search: Sweep, watch the news on your mobile phone! Share it with friends and friends: QQ Space QQ Friends Sina Weibo 2-D Code Popular Recommendation MOBA Suspension Station Online [Responsible Editor: Joeson Qiao] Hot Search: Enterprise Service Game Recommendation Other Modules Live Broadcasting Station Automatic Play in More Tencent lovePlay the ghost blows the lamp hundred battles sand city new blood river lake legend tomb note God robs the Blue Moon Legend fire shadow Ninja legend hegemony more recent test game account 11-03 immortal city novice gift bag receives 11-03 magic realm golden autumn warrior return bag receives 11-03 immortal hand excursion super God gift bag receives 11-03 receives 11-03 tank world super gift Packet to get the game video Westward Voyage Voldemort Chapter Hand Tour Monster Hunting OL Thunder Survey Exile Road Chronicle Bulletin Download Express APP