Tencent Game [Weibo] Yuzi will be on sale next week at the PlayStation Store. North America is scheduled to launch a digital download on October 14 and a retail version on November 11 for $19.99 (RMB 123); Europe is scheduled to launch a digital download on October 15 and a retail version on November 19 for 18.99 (RMB 147); Britain and Ireland are scheduled to do so. A digital download version will be launched on October 15 and a retail version of the cassette on November 21 at a price of 12.99.. The digital version of My World PSV can be downloaded free of charge, the retail version of My World PSV can be purchased, the exchange code in the package can be input in the "PS Store" and the digital version of My World PSV and My World PS3 can be downloaded free if they have already been. My World PS3, both digital and retail, is available for free download at the PS Store; however, if you want to upgrade the game to My World PS4, you will have to pay an additional $4.99 or 3.99 (31 RMB). Yuan). Players only need to readjust the keyboard layout after the porting and landing of the handset. There is online interaction and interoperability between My World PSV Version and My World PS3 Version.File. Time: 1'36': 0 Source: Tencent Video Minecraft-PlayStation Vita Edition is playing this landing PC, Xbox 360, PS3, PSV, PS4, XBO and mobile hand games platform, the cumulative sales have exceeded 50 million, registered users exceeded hundreds of millions of people. The game focuses on allowing players to explore, interact, and change a map dynamically generated from a cubic meter square. In addition to squares, environmental functions also include plants, organisms and objects. Some of the activities in the game include collecting minerals, fighting hostile creatures, synthesizing new squares and collecting tools for various resources found in the game. The ultimate goal of the player is to travel to the end of the road and bring down the shadow dragon. Barrier free description home news sports entertainment video finance securities auto property branchTechnology Digital Games Education fashion culture more animation reading children's constellation class all channel one click on the Qzone QQ e-mail collection information network cruise page cruise picture video activation code love to play computer games Tencent game [micro-blog] in the son will be 2014-10-11 14:44 I want to share QQ space QQ friends Sina Microblog Friends 0 Turns Off Automatically Playing Related Album Recommended Videos: Put the Video Back Up and Read About It: My World psv. 2014.10.11.2014.10.14.10.2014.10.10.Relevant Search: Sweep, watch the news on your mobile phone! You can also share it with friends and friends through the microblog scanning. Circle to QQ spaceQQ Friend Sina Weibo 2-D Code Popular Recommendation MOBA Suspension Station Online Recommendation Microblog: Tencent News, Tencent News, Tencent Pictures Listen to [Responsible Editor: Rubincai] Hot Search: Enterprise Services Game Recommends Other Modules Live Broadcasting into Live Broadcasting Essence Recommends More Tencent Love to Play Ghost Blows Light Battle Sand City New Hot-blooded River and Lake Burglary Notes Fairy, Blue Moon Legend, Fire Ninja Legend, More Recent Testing Game Account 11-03 Immortal City New Hand Gift Pack 11-03 Magic Land Golden Autumn Warrior Pack 11-03 Immortal Hand Tour Super Goddess Pack