Interesting Game News 58756 The distance from the center of the game world to the beginning of the "distant continent" is 12.55 million 820 meters, equivalent to about a third of the circumference of the Earth's equator. Once the player enters the continent, he will encounter severe distortions in the geographical environment and the number of frames of the game plummeted. Simply put, this place is built from error codes, the end and end of the game world, and can also be considered a big BUG of the game. Hidden view map notes everyone is watching but a foreign player named Kurt J. Mac.But he embarked on his incredible journey, aiming to reach the legendary "distant continent" on foot in the game, and began his journey on March 28, 2011. Up to now, he has been in the game for three years, taking 180 hours to walk more than 700 thousand meters away. At that rate, it will take him another 22 years to reach his destination. Kurt J. Mac, who has captured the attention of some advertisers by videotaped his virtual adventures, has so far raised more than $250,000 for charity. The move has also attracted the attention of game maker Markus Persson, who himself is a big fan of the journey. When they met in Paris in 2012, Kurt J. Mac complained that if the world in the game was a smooth road, it would take him only 820 hours to reach his destination, and now he had to think of a way out.Try to climb mountains and cross oceans. The total global sales of this product have exceeded the 30 million mark when it is landed on PC, Xbox 360, PS3, PSV, PS4, XBO and mobile hand travel platforms. The game focuses on allowing players to explore, interact, and change a map dynamically generated from a cubic meter square. In addition to squares, environmental functions also include plants, organisms and objects. Some of the activities in the game include collecting minerals, fighting hostile creatures, synthesizing new squares and collecting tools for various resources found in the game. The ultimate goal of the player is to travel to the end of the road and bring down the shadow dragon. Home News, Sports, Entertainment, Finance, Securities, Automobile, Real Estate, Technology, Digital Games, Education, Fashion and CultureI would like to share QQ space QQ buddy Sina Weibo Weibo Friend 0 0/0 to see once again enter the photo center to see the original text is over, you can press Alt + 4 to comment on the relevant reading: my world 01.22, 2014.01.22, 2014.01.20, 2014.01.10, 2014.01.06 Relevant Search: Sweep, watch the news on your mobile phone! Share it with friends and friends: QQ Space QQ Friends Sina Weibo 2-D Code Popular Recommendation MOBA Suspension Station Online Relevant Weibo Tencent Game Channel Tencent Network; GamesTencent love to play Tencent love to play the game platform Jianling well-known RPG network game World of Warcraft official microblog soul Hunter MF official game players listen to all [responsible editor: rubincai] hot search: Enterprise service games recommend other modules live broadcast automatically into the essence of the live broadcast recommended more Tencent Love to play with ghosts blows LIGHTS 100 battles sand city new blood River and lake legend tomb note immortal robbery Blue Moon Legend fire shadows legend hegemony more recent test game account 11-03 immortal city novice bags to receive 11-03 magic realm golden autumn warrior reward bags to receive 11-03 immortal hand travel super God bags