My dormitory only I have a notebook, my dormitory seven people, the dormitory 24 hours a day with my notebook to open hot spots, new notebooks can not stand this toss ah, ask God buy a router wireless module to remove you why you do not buy a router to ban the wireless network card is very simple, can not turn off. Buy a router device manager, disable unlimited network card. The gods said they bought wireless network cards. They disliked the idea of using an a8-powered router with its own router after a power outage at night. It's not going to be a hot spot. A good roommate, who meets all his roommate's needs, has a useful, thankless, and dislikes the idea of putting a virus on it and killing the computerHot on, you turn on a hot spot virus, do a few times should just hit them do not want to use them, do not want to tear, the landlord really hypocritical drug poisoned them too much dare to use your computer to open a hot spot to buy a router, and then buy a continuous power supply on the line to give them a person a notebook on the limit You don't have to start with unloading the wireless adapter driver. The drinking machine doesn't let them breathe. The wireless adapter drives them to unload the one thing that I hate most. People who don't want to talk are obliged to leave their stuff alone. Used by people? (Don't make it too ugly) Page news stickers know music pictures, video maps, libraries, searches, searches, searches, searches, searches, searches, labels, days 1, 234, 566 to sign up for the rankings: Today's Ben Bar first sign in, BenBecause you are more exciting, continue to work hard tomorrow! This bar sign-in number: 0 one key to become a super member, use one key to sign-in this month missed 0 times! 0 to become a super member, how to use the gift of 8 patch cards? Click on the calendar missed date, you can be patched. Continuous Sign-in: Daily Accumulative Sign-in: Days 0 Super Members Single Open 12 months or more, 3 consecutive Sign-in Cards, Use Continuous Sign-in Cards Dec. 11 Missing Sign-in for Days 0 Notebook Bar Concern: 2,192,169 Posts: 53,121,360 See Stick Pictures Fine Video Game 1,23 Next Page 194 Reply, 3 Pages, Skip to Page OK Return to the notebook > 0 < loading.... Just look at the owner's collection of replies to the Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of Godhead of GodheadXTzi Wee 7 Match Paradise HN Hardware Player 5 Play with a trumpet 8 Hefei 15 Peak Biscuit Computer Novice 12 wjp96151 Computer Novice 12 ZA Cool Morning Outward Appearance Dang Jia Jia Jia Jiao Dang Theosophical Party Wind Notebook Blind 13 Wodylxh Mini Bar owner 13 lcwgundam Following the Wind Black God Ship Sheep Year Pack Lower 14 Yunyamu Letter User 10 Eternal 0-Ability Man Exist Party 7 Lonely Satanic SJ Laptop Blind 13 Daniel DP Computer Novice 12 Qionghua One Dream Believer 10 Doge Sauce Theism Party 9 Simon Official Theism Party 9 I Born in 1995 Theism Party