Tencent game [Weibo] 2015-04-01:10:21 unconsciously, and to the annual fool's moment, all kinds of magic tricks emerge in endlessly, everywhere is full of laughter. Popular Tour of "King Arthur Million" is also April Fool's Day for the majority of players to release entertainment surprises, entertainment is not foolish, entertainment new cards, entertainment welfare, entertainment and "Meow" world, all kinds of entertainment awards are about to be shocked out, you are ready to be "entertained"? [Meow Star Meow Star Mew Man Record] Men, because the appearance of very rude by the human trust and love, arrogant and foolish personality is so many people crazy for it. The first wave of April Fool's Day gift in King Arthur Million is the surprise arrival of cat-fighting cards, which are carefully blended with Mew's Q-Meng appearance and proud fighting attributes. Each card has a single-counter quality.Let the Meows and the Sweet Girl Wind merge perfectly, and the dexterous body is more likely to prevail in battle. Do you want to get a high-quality card? Now, from April 16 to 15:00 sharp, as long as the first 11 even twist eggs can be "cat's paw gloves", a collection of different types of the highest number of incentives for the 7-Star MR cat contest olivine & God-man flash card! More twist discount, get the new card helicopter probability and other value-added benefits. Cat contention cards are waiting for your upgrade, twist it together! [Aim at a Mimi! Secrets Crusade] New Meow members of the British Continent, Secrets will also be for the majority of players to introduce the latest benefits, so that you can get together as soon as possible with the Meow Star card! Mew a Mimi, Secrets Crusade! SR demon meticulous Sakura Lingnai, Kafka included in this! Wanted list, in the corresponding activities of the mystery, beat the ordinary and awakened form will have a chance to drop the genie body card oh, British warriors, see this passMeow world needs support, Meow star favorite "wool ball" and "delicate cat food" big collection! Go to the event mystery to join the goblin warfare, "plush ball" and "delicate cat food" props more collection, can harvest Cherley, Super Cherley, Chocolate Cherley and massive gold. Super-value surprises like coins, top rewards! Great courtesy unlimited recycling! And SR + Cat Race Bedwell & Monic Shakes Welfare Looking forward to your arrival! [Arthur and Cat's Bind? Ranking Race] Want more? Then sprint the "wool ball" collection charts! Go to a specific event secret to collect enough "wool ball" list! The "plush ball" props can take part in Arthur's ranking. Seven stars, Arthur's Swordsmanship City, Six stars, Arthur's Skills Field, Seven stars, Cats, Celia flashcards, colorful pyroxene and other rich rewards, etc. You snatch! I wonder how much the fetters between you and Meow are worth?Let the list tell you! [April Fool's Day malice? Assault soaring] April Fool's Day, are you still afraid of the bottom of the basket hit the head? Or eat a biscuit bite of mustard sauce, tears and nose wanton flow? Damaged friends to the minute to be friends? Don't be afraid! "Million King Arthur" April Fool's Day campaign pound planning, April Fool's Day synthetic male Cat Race Kerria will attack the goblin five times in the specified time, combat power soared instantly, the maggot index burst, no longer afraid of being wicked because of poor combat effectiveness! Late April to update a large number of ferocious combat effectiveness card, please look forward to! [April landing is sent] not only April Fool's Day has good gifts released, Six stars SR + Emperor Unoca for April landing! 25 days for flash cards! In addition, any number of days for the landing can also be gotten colorful stone, gold coins, reply medicine and other wonderful gifts! "Million King Arthur" entertainment gifts have now been shocked.Happy to let go, twist eggs to send, cumulative collection to participate in the ranking, MC recharge feedback and other good gifts let you quickly upgrade the ranking, come to engage in battle! More good gifts activities can be clicked on the official website. Home News Sports Entertainment Video Finance Securities Automobile Real Estate Technology Digital Game Education Fashion Culture More Animation Reading Children's Constellation Excellent Course All Channels One Click on Qzone QQ Mailbox Collection Information Network Tour Page Tour Picture Video Activation Code Love to Play Continental Network Tour Manufacturer News Tencent game [Weibo] April 2015-01:10:21 I want to share QQ space QQ friends Sina Weibo Weibo Friends 0 0/0 hidden view of the annotations Everyone look again at the image center to see the original text is over, you can press Alt + 4 comments relatedSearch: Sweep, watch the news on your mobile phone! Share it with friends and friends: QQ space QQ friends Sina Weibo two-dimensional code popular recommendation MOBA suspense station on-line relevant micro-blog three countries kill three countries kill ESL_Vv women PMS Yuzhu Giant Network Chairman Ji Xuefeng Giant Network Vice President Gao Suhua Guangyu game President Qiu Xin game industry people all listen to [responsible editor: jojozhu] hot search: Enterprise Services Game recommend other modules live broadcast into the essence of live broadcast recommended more Tencent love to play ghost blow lamp Hundred Battles Sand City new blood river lake robbery tomb note Ninja OL Legendary Overlord More Recent Testing Game Account 11-03 Immortal City Novice Gift Pack Gets 11-03 Magic Land Golden Autumn WarriorFeedback Pack Getting 11-03 Immortal Hand Tour Super Goddess Pack Getting 11-03 Tank World Super Pack Getting 11-03 Tank World Super Pack Getting Game Video Westward Voyage Monster Hunting OL Thunder Survey Exile Road Chronicle Bulletin Download Express APP