Home page; Contact chat; QQ software area; QQ group file download tool 2.0 green version QQ group file download failure file size: 2.5 MB interface language: Chinese download type: Tencent QQ authorization: Free software update time: 2015-01-06 Contact: Software download official website: http://www.gpxz.com operating environment: WinXP, WinXP, Win All Recommendation Score: Since many people can not do without QQ now, more and more important things like to put in QQ group for related sharing, if sometimes want to download a lot of things, you can choose to use the QQ group file download tool, can quickly help you download the relevant, so that you can easily use This kind of software! QQ group file download tool how to use QQ group file download tool use method 1, decompressionOpen software 2, login your QQ number 3 in the software interface, select the group file you need to download 4, select download on demand, you can download QQ group file common problems QQ group file download where? Generally default in C: Users Administrator\ Documents Tencent Files\ (QQ number)\ Filev Recqqq group file download failure to do? 2. Carelessly uninstalling the QQ-related plug-ins causes the QQ group sharing to be unable to open and download, accidentally deleting some plug-ins in the Internet option-program-management add-in, QQ will appear in the loading page, please wait. The solution is to reinstall IE. 3. Probably Tencent Server Problem, Probably Tencent Server Problem in your area, and you have a temporary problem.Unfortunately, IP has become the kind of inaccessible, you can try to use a proxy to access it! How to delete QQ group files? It depends on the local file or in the group sharing. If you have to be an administrator in the group sharing, you can find the file / Tencent / QQfile_recv/ locally, then hold down the right side of the group file, slide to the left, delete it, delete it, qqq group file sharing can not open? 1, maybe the QQ version is too old to open QQ group sharing 2, accidentally uninstall the QQ related Plug-ins lead to QQ group sharing can not open 3, network bad QQ group sharing can not open to join the collection | set to the home page | save to the desktop please log in | register | latest | navigation | return to the home page to download the home page network software system tools contact chat graphics imagesMultimedia Industry Software Game Entertainment Programming Development Anti-virus Safety Education Teaching Software Course Where you are: Home > Contact Chat > QQ Software Area > QQ Group File Download Tool 2.0 Green Edition Qqq Group File Download Failure Update Time: 2015-01-06 Loading.... Share to Space QQ Group File Download Tool 2.0 Green Color version QQ group shared file downloading failed to introduce Valley download download, copyright belongs to the original author. Like, please support the genuine! More introduction tags: QQ group file download failure related to high-speed multi-wire download tornado dedicated download tornado dedicated download address list Guangdong Telecom download Zhejiang Telecom download Fujian Telecom download Shanghai Telecom download Sichuan Telecom download Beijing Unicom Download Shandong Unicom download Hebei Unicom DownloadHenan Unicom Download Hubei Unicom Download Anhui Unicom Download Guangdong Mobile Download Fujian Mobile Download Shanghai Mobile Download More Download Baidu More Download Good Search More Download Sogou More Download Search More Download Download Download Download Download Using Documents Can't Download? Content Error? Click here to report error + More Multiple Downloads + Question Categories Selection Fax Tools Chat Tool QQ Software Zone SMS Phone You may be looking for these sites to search | refresh | add collections | About Us | Hotspot | Site Map | Desktop icon | Return to CopyRight at the top 2007-2007