Home page; West Mainland News; Origin of News Forum: Author: Time 2013-11-10 23:13:53 Guangdong Accounting Information Service Platform Question Why I was there in Guangdong Accounting Information Service Platform, to register for the exam, why say I signed up? I have not signed up, I input a password, the next step. It says that I signed up successfully, do not repeat the question from the Western Military http://www.xilu.com Guangdong Provincial Accounting Information Service Platform why I was there in the Guangdong Provincial Accounting Information Service Platform, registered for the job exam, why said I signed up? I have not signed up, I input a password, the next step. It means that I have successfully registered and do not repeat entries. What's going on here? I can't get to the next step. Why? What should I do? And where can I know that I have successfully signed up. Thank you. You should not enter the previous year.No, it doesn't have to choose which year when it starts to enter. When I enter the password in the second step, it pops up as shown in the following figure. What's the matter??? Call the Finance Bureau, and then take my ID card and related documents to operate the accounting information of Guangdong Province there. Service platform registration time October 15th, Guangdong accounting information service platform registration time from October 15th onwards. For more information, information, mock exams, real questions, please pay attention to the Education Joint Exhibition Network - Accounting Qualification Examination Network - Accounting Certificate Popular Examination. Guangdong Provincial Accounting Information Service Platform Registration Time October 15, according to the "Guangdong Provincial Accounting Qualification Examination Registration Notice in the Second Half of 2012" was informed: Inquiry: login www.gdczt.gov.cn website click on the bottom of the page "Guangdong Accounting Information Service Platform" choose "Query Service > select "achievement query". Inquiry Mode 2: The national scoring entrance 2012 National Accounting Professional Technical Qualification Examination results inquiry system has been opened on November 30, 2012. Examination website: Please log on to the "National Accounting Qualification Evaluation Network" and navigate the "information inquiry" in the "results inquiry". The entry point of the whole country - click to enter the check entry > query mode three: Dial 16842168 directly. Warm Tip: As the Internet is busy, please try again later! Label: Guangdong Provincial Accounting Information Service Platform related reading wonderful recommendation China and Russia relations after all how? Is it really a piece of iron? This article for you to uncover China and Russia behind the little-known open and secret struggle. [Details] Putin just sent Trump a super marijuana Bother, if Trump is not properly handled, I'm afraid it will fall into the pit... [detailed] Li Kexin said.He said to US congressmen, "I may thank your American friends." The mainland has no time and opportunity to use the "anti-secession law." If the United States sends warships to Taiwan, it will start. [Details] On December 11, local time, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi met India in New Delhi during the fifteenth meeting of Chinese, Russian and Indian foreign ministers. Foreign minister Swaraj. According to Dongwang. com on December 12, Wang Yi described at the meeting. [Detailed] Ye Shuai's family has produced a positive national class (Ye Jianying), five deputy national classes (Ye Xuanping, Zou Jiahua, Yu Qiuli, Lu Zheng, Wang Zhen), and three provincial and ministerial levels (Zeng Xianzhi, Ye Xuanning, Wu Yuzhang) detailed.] Recently, the Korean Peninsula is about to rain, then, the probability of war. How big is it? Sino-US and Russian scholars debated the peninsula sharply and came to what conclusion? [Detailed] Observers said that the sudden tension in Sino-Australian diplomatic relations was part of the upheaval in Diplomacy around China. From China to the eighteen largestChina's diplomatic environment has undergone tremendous changes. [detailed] Su Yu is the only minority general in the ten generals of the PLA, ranking first among the ten generals. Su Yu's military command ability is second to none among the many generals in the Republic. He can be ranked as a general. There are signs that Nepal's pro-Chinese leaders are coming to power, which is not good news for India, which has been trying to win over Nepal.. [Details] At this time the "brother" has been able to take the lead. Looking at the growing strength of the "brothers", "elder brother" slowly said: "please inherit this red!" said, and then closed his eyes... [Details] Mobile phone client download set as the front page of the site registered on the home page of Diaoyu Islands News Big Powers Game World Interest Watch China's military and military frontier 65Photo Community Game Lottery Commodity Information Military Model iPhone 5 China First Military Portal | Home > West Land News > News Time 2013-11-10 23:13:53 Guangdong Provincial Accounting Qualification Examination Registration Time in the second half of 2012: October 15 from 1/212 next page at the end of the page: Wuhan Chat Bar Next: Laozhong Mandela 2014 World Cup Military Network Hot column recommends the latest hot topic of this column, Christmas (ChristmaXu Caihou's Dragon Boat Festival, Shenzhou 10, 2013 Mother's Day, Spokesperson Park Junhui, Sexual Harassment Xi Jinping Visits US Zhou Libo Li Yong to Turn over Military Atlas We are mercenaries peacefully evolving the super Chinese Empire My values collapsed Empire 2 Li Hongzhang's biography of East Asia History The Ghost Comes