Villagers of my World Table, a passive NPC (non-player character) that appears and lives in a NPC village, are often referred to as beta creatures because of a temporary creature in Beta 1.9 preview. Villagers usually appear near villages or in buildings that meet their respective occupations. My World Popular Strategy: Attributes: Health: 20 (x 10) Attack: No Generation: NPC Village First Release: Beta 1.9 Pre-release Network ID: 120 Archive ID: Villager Drop: No Experience: 0 Shape: Big bald head, green eyes, a single eyebrow and a long, prominent nose make up their distinctive features. The villagers' arms imply that they are connected.There are 2 parts to form a breast with arms in arms. Their arms were hidden in their sleeves, and the two cuffs clashed at the middle seam. Villagers can be distinguished by the color of their robes, which is their occupation in the village. Six different villagers'skin files can be found in the minecraft.Jar file, but villagers in green robes are not created in the game. Behavior: the villagers will glance at the players aimlessly and wander around the village. When attacked, they will not fight back or run away, but will be repulsed. Villagers killed by the player do not drop anything, although this behavior will allow nearby iron puppets to attack the player, but the other villagers remain indifferent. Villagers can use doors and ladders, allowing them to enter the house freely. In the evenings, rainy days or after being chased by zombies, the villagers will hide in the house for shelter. Some very rare cases.The next villager will look as if he is reading a sign, and in other rare cases, if you throw something at the feet of the villager, he will look at it. Villagers seem to prefer a sunny environment, perhaps because zombies are limited by light. But even if houses are dark, villagers prefer light houses to those with good lighting. A house with a ceiling, a door and a torch is a priority for villagers to enter in the evening. The zombies will attack the villagers, so the villagers will try to escape from the zombies. A siege would occur near the village, and the villagers'only "natural" defense would be an iron puppet to protect them from nearby creatures. In the 1.4 official edition, zombies have a certain probability of turning villagers into zombie villagers when the difficulty is ordinary, difficult or extreme. If the villagers are transformed into children, then young zombies will emerge. villageThe villagers interact with villagers and other passive creatures, such as two villagers simply looking at each other. Villagers can interact with players. If they are close to players and stand, they will start shaking their heads. Sometimes if three villagers are "interacting" and the player approaches them, one of them pushes the player away. [Source Request] In some cases, villagers gather somewhere in the village for no reason, and they are also attracted to pumpkins and doors. When the villagers and the iron puppets get closer together, they will stop and watch the iron puppet. Iron puppets sometimes give roses to children's villagers, symbolizing the friendship between the villagers and iron puppets. This behavior is based on the behavior of ancient robots from the Sky City. When the villagers are trapped, they try to find the easiest escape route. For example, when the villagers are trapped in a room with no roof, a wall two meters high and a bed near the wall, they jump into bed.Trying to escape. [source request] another example is that they will try to skip obstacles without considering their height, which is similar to that of pigs * [source request] villagers will not take the initiative to jump off the cliff. Before 12 W32 years of reproduction, the villagers United when there were idle houses, and "house" was defined as a wooden door with "inside" and "outside". The "inside" of a house has more "roofs" than the other side of the door, and when a square satisfies within five meters on either side of the door, the upper surface is exposed to daylight and the bottom is higher than the bottom of the door, it is recorded as part of the "roof". It should be noted that the door is not a "house" without a roof, nor is it a "house" with the same number of roofs on both sides. Houses will be built near the villagers (up to 16 meters from the horizontal axis and up to 4 meters from the vertical) and then added to an existing village or formed into a new one.The village. Do not create villagers in the houses you build for yourself, otherwise he may occupy the house. Because the villagers will not escape if they are attacked, you have no choice but to kill him. Sometimes villagers'AIs don't work as expected (such as having children or building houses) until the game is restarted. After 12w32a: The definition of a house has been changed. First, there needs to be a closed space (e.g. two squares high with eight mud piles, enclosing a lattice, assuming that there is a villager inside, so he can't get out, so he is judged as a closed space. Or use 4 doors to encircle a lattice. If the villagers do not open the door, they are considered to be closed space, and it is also effective. Or there is a box on a door that allows the surrounding wooden doors to be judged as houses. (mechanism is fuzzy, there is doubt. When there are enough wooden doors in a village, villagers will show love. Once enough wooden doors are built,The villagers will begin to procreate. When the number of adult villagers exceeds 0.35 times the number of doors, all births will cease. The remaining children will continue to grow, eventually bringing the number of adult villagers to about a third of the number of nearby wooden doors. The children's occupation is not decided by their parents, for example, the children of two farmers can be any occupation. Unlike other fertile creatures, there is no personal interaction between parents and children other than general interaction. Children's villager will take the sprint speed (after 12w07a children will not Sprint) to enter the house freely. They will chase each other in the village to simulate their game of catching up with each other. The children sometimes stopped running and looked at the iron puppet. If the iron puppet was holding the rose, the child would carefully take the rose from its hand. Although children look smaller than adults, their colliding boxes are actually the same size. Villagers: Zombie VillageUsing a weak potion and then a golden apple, the zombie villager will continue to shake and the particle effect will turn red, and in 3-5 minutes it will become normal, occupational random. This method can "create" villagers, such as empty islands, in situations where they are not available through normal channels. Occupation: every villager's occupation can be judged by his clothes. (Note that all villagers have a brown dress in a robe or apron) Trading: Trading is part of the game, allowing players to exchange resources such as goods with villagers in emeralds. Right click the villagers will jump out of the "trade" interface. The villagers will provide different trading portfolios according to their occupation, and the transaction mix of the same villagers will never change. If there is more than one transaction mix, click the arrow to the left and right to see other combinations. Almost all combinations regard emerald as currency, and some transaction items and villagers' duties.Business is related. The emergence of trading systems greatly simplifies efforts to acquire some hard to obtain resources. Trading is also the only way to get enchanted bottles in survival mode. Players can also get Chain Armor through trading, but zombies will also drop Chain Armor randomly. When you close the trading interface for a few seconds after the last transaction (no matter how many times) with the villagers, a new transaction opens randomly, and the new transaction becomes the last transaction. If the new transaction coincides with the existing transaction, the cheapest transaction ratio is retained and will not become the last transaction. At the same time, previously locked transactions due to too many transactions will be reopened, so when a certain transaction is locked, only one last transaction can be reopened. As a result, when a villager has brushed out all the transactions, the last one will never change if the last one is exactly what you need.Then you can use the same resource unlimited brush trading, just trade to lock, close the trading interface, and then a few seconds after the transaction can be. There's a small leak after Vulnerability 1.2.5, when the player adjusts the difficulty to peace, and all the villagers in the nearest village disappear, effectively destroying a village as if it never existed. Reading the world in the weekly snapshot 12w21a will turn all the villagers into farmers. In the creation mode, a zombie pig man will be allowed to * * * e around the villagers, but the zombie pig will not be hostile to the villagers. After the official version 1.2.5, in Creative Mode, you click a villager (and press the Select Item button) with the middle mouse button to get the bed cube. (invalid). Do you know that the villagers' children's occupation is random, and does not depend on their parents' occupation. Because of the strange appearance of villagers, they are laughed at by some players, sometimes with others.The octopus (from SpongeBob) or Bert (from Sesame Street) were compared. Notch himself thought they looked more like the savage octopus. Since the villagers were added to the game, there has always been a game file from the file name is the standard villagers material file. However, this occupation seems to have been replaced by farmer's occupation and never appeared in games. A material file that appears as the character default material (Steve) in the Main Biological Catalog of Minicraft is redirected to a villagers material file. As expected, applying it to the current model of the villagers would produce a fragmented effect. If there are ladders on the path of the villagers, they will climb up the ladder like other creatures. Villagers sometimes open their doors when they have a zombie outside, causing a "suicide". Sometimes a child will grow up when he is catching up with each other. He will continue playing until he is a child.The children stopped to rest, and this adult would continue his normal life. Most of the time villagers follow the principle of "going out in the sunset and staying at sunset". Therefore, the production of some circuits that only work at night or only during the day can use villagers as switches. In other words, it simulates a one-compartment house, leaving a compartment outside, but enclosing a fence to prevent the villagers from escaping. Place a pedal on an indoor grid, and in the dark, the villagers return to the house themselves to activate the circuit. When you sneak close to the villagers, they will avoid. When villagers produce a granular effect after completing the transaction, they get a 10 second regeneration effect, during which a total of four hearts are restored. This will happen when the zombie villagers become ordinary villagers, but it will be accompanied by 5 minutes of weakness. Mobile phone version Copyright 2008-2011 games, all rights reserved. Beijing ICP Bei 14005912-5 Calderstone Legend My World Cool Run Every Day Dream Journey to the West Tribal Conflict Yin and Yang Teacher Ghost Royal War Ball Battle Immortals Royal Glory Home Page Biological Projects Video Biological Rutile Topic World > 2011-05 | My World Composite | My World Update | My World Zone News My World Game Type: Puzzle Casual Game Size: 56.15MB Update Time: 2017-06-24 Game Version: 1.1.0.9 Game Profile: Minecraft-Pocket Edition My World is a Fashion WorldCopyright 2008-2011 Video Game Zone Copyright Beijing ICP 14005912-5