Wu Qilong; Ren Quan; Zuo Xiaoqing 34 episodes alias: Four famous Seismological Guandong screening: 2003-09-23 total broadcast: 10,125,740 comments: 3,506 top: 46,672 brief introduction: Ming Dynasty Jiajing years, there were evil organizations "lantern club" harm areas, outside the Japanese invaders, Tatars invasion of the Jewish border, the people suffered. Four disciples under the chair of the famous Wulin Zhuge Hou: cold-blooded, ruthless, iron-handed, named after Zhenguandong, known as the "four arrests". The leader of the Japanese pirates is ambitious, and wants to fight the Central Plains. So at all costs to get rid of ruthlessness, and relentlessly unexpectedly to find that the Japanese, who look very similar to themselves, are their twin brothers!Client Mobile APP PC Client Little Youku Youku VR to Mad APP Home Page Found Subscriber Members My Login Registration Exit Login Account Settings View All Messages Upload Video Video Management My Self-Channel Data Analysis Download PC Client Immediately Download Video Upload More Easy! High Definition Opera 2003 Subscribe 200 3-09-23 Youku Broadcast: October 30, 2009: 7.3 Starring: Wu Chilong / Ren Quan / Zuo Xiaoqing Director: Wang Xiangwei / Cui Fengjuan Area: Mainland Type: Kungfu / Love / Ancient Dress: In the Jiajing period of the Ming Dynasty, there were evil organizations "lantern festival" harmful places, outside there were Japanese invaders, Tatars invading the Jewish frontier, and the people suffered terribly. Zhuge, the four disciples of the martial arts hall, is cold blooded, merciless, iron hand, and seeking life."Four famous arrest". The leader of the Japanese pirates is ambitious, and wants to fight the Central Plains. So at all costs to get rid of ruthlessness, ruthlessly also unexpectedly found that with their own appearance is very similar to the Japanese twin brother! Originally 20 years ago, their father was Dongying aristocrat, in business in China, met a prostitute Liu, gave birth to twins. Under pressure, Liu Bao went away ruthlessly, and it took all the means. And mercilessly take the calculated measures to escort Yi Tang and other countries out of the country. At the same time, the "colored lantern club" is becoming more and more arrogant, and in the light extinguishing operation, the various factions have suffered heavy casualties, cold-blooded as a result of the whole body and retreated into the inferior class, in order to get rid of the charges, cold investigation, found that the masters were masters of the gods, and behind him there are still greater secrets and crises... No sword or lover is righteous. The emotional entanglements between cold-blooded, merciless, Princess and the younger sister of the younger sister were sublimated in battle. Finally found his own emotional destination.