Video Ha ha, I feel a little bit more biochemical hair, so I'll send a burst, perfect wonderful wait for you, if you still feel good, put on two more (o) Oh @ game Ha ha, played so many times, zombies have not pitted to me, acridine @ game I did not give the end of the game I'm glad to tell you that my videos are all voiced games, my life and death snipers: Hmm, my overbite YY: 1470 This video also returns That's good ~Game Hot Recommendation More... I know this number is available to the average person, but this is the number we'll give you in the future.1274479, 857490190 I hope you happy National Day @@Game Mo Xun explanation, we do not have time to record videos, subscribe to where!? The new game AK, very good, M4 are, as small as the new AN, can not be, AK blade a knife, M4 is a little disappointed, no butt @@game Q 400. Remember to subscribe!!!!! Xbrooke explains life-and-death sniping: Simple comment on life-and-death hero Thunder Fury!!! Remember to subscribe to it!!! Simple comment on life-and-death hero Thunder Fury thanks QQ friend she is the light of the game God to return. But video updates may be slow, the game I am a gun god brother, this time to bring you a life-and-death sniper video, I hope you like it. QQ:2810703494, bye bye. Games can not miss the blockbuster, many places can not find.Yes. No regrets! Movie plus QQ 1164080771, I'm familiar with the stars, and I'll always be with Golden Spike in the future, oh, want to record the 5th episode plus QQ 1164080771, because the previous episodes as long as some people enough games, I February 8, 2015 9:00 ticket in my hometown is not to record video must be in and shoot life and death. So make sure you make a video before you leave! Thank you so much for the fans who sponsored my number. I hope you don't miss me too much after a good year. Oh, what thumbs and subscriptions, when I get back, I'll make a video for you! Life and Death Snipe King Rudy New Version of the Mutant Site 3rd BUG Brush Point Game Life and Death Snipe Play video, moonmark commentary, I'm not afraid of anything, any enemy in front of me is a scum! This time recorded double-armed bullets, this gun is good, powerful game!Copyright@2014-2015 is set as the front page of our collection of film/message popular recommendation: future commentary-life and death sniper, the future only three words, leaving seven points to beat the world life and death sniper-life and death sniper, I am a soldier, bully. The old zombie hit a good number of home movies, TV series, animation variety show, talk show, beautiful girl comedy, ancient costume, my watch record closed and emptied all the documentary films: film | comedy | love | horror | action | science fiction | war | police | crime | animation | future commentary - life and death sniper, future only Say three words, leave seven points to fight the world life and death sniper film future explanation - life and death sniper, I am a soldier, bully the oldThe zombie's life and death sniper number is not too local, please forgive me for sponsoring the self-timed "Lizard's Life and Death Sniper Game Video" thank you for sponsoring the golden number to end tragic life and death Sniper - Xiaowu Video Phase 3 - do not do well, please excuse me later to add a video brief introduction to the game of life and death sniper overreach explanation video [teaches you to jump the death sand] The highlights of the desert and some of the game skills ~life and death sniper [Li Peng commentary] life and death sniper, the gun is basically a permanent fast to try out the game life and death sniper foot two group video (Christmas special edition) (IV) Game future commentary - life and death sniper, today to play, the mother of thunder (#') rely on @ @ game biochemical crisis game t Explanation / 03-28 Survival Warfare Items Illustration / 03-28 Life-and-Death Sniper Munition Video / 03-28 Life-and-Death Sniper Number and Code Band Gold Coin / 03-28 Life-and-Death SniperArtifact number / 03-28 life and death sniper and holy light / 03-28 life and death sniper set in where / 03-28