34 episodes of the full-length TV series titled Seizure of the Eastern Ages: 2002 Region: Mainland China Type: Fantasy Ancient Clothes Martial Arts Director: Cui Fengjuan Starring: Zuo Xiaoqing Ren Yuan Yuan Han Dong Wu Qilong Fan Bingbing Brief Introduction: The story by the Ming Dynasty Ning'an Princess "Fan Bingbing" travel captured, the emperor 24 lost, nine border soldiers prepared to be stolen.. And cause. "Ren Quan" since the understanding and love of the Emperor's favorite daughter by Fan Bingbing Princess Ning'an, namely involved in the complex feelings of enmity between the master and the emperor, and finally into a terrible conspiracy, almost disgraced, almost died. Share more and guess you like Wu Qilong/Han Yuqin/Yang Guang/Yang Junyi Tranquility/Wu Qilong/Gauss/Chen Haomin Wu Qilong/Li Qihong/Niu Zhenhua Huge/Huo Jianhua/Yang Power/Tang Yanshi Xiaolong/MutingTing / Yu Bo / Wang Jianfu Huge / Lin Yichen / Yuan Hong / Liu Poetry Wu Qilong / Masu / Fan Shaohuang / Guo Zhennian in Bo / Cai Shaofen / Yang Junyi / Chen Farong Zhao Wenzhuo / Lu Liangwei / Wang Xuebing Wu Qilong / Zhu Yin / Yu Bo / Maya Shu Zhaowei / Wu Qilong / Liu Zi / Hao Wen Zheng Shaoqiu / Guo Donglin / Liao Jiayi / Yuan Hongzuo Xiaoqing/Wu Qilong/Lu Yulin Zhao Hongfei/Dai Jiaoqian/Cao Ying/Liu Fangxiao Zhengnan/Guan Zhibin/Obei Wu Ruofu/Yong Mei/Li Xiaoran/Zhang Mingjian Wuhui/Hao Lei/Shi Xiaolong/Wu Chenjun Zhongli/Liang Guanhua/Wei Zongwan/Li Wujing/Li Xiaoran/He Meili/Shen Xiaohai Dong Jie/He Run east / Chen GuanLing/Koo Zhenhai Nieyuan/Fang Zhongxin/Zhong Xintong/Tan Yaowen Fan Wenfang/Wu Zongxian/Chen Xiaochun Lv Liangwei/Taohong/Guan Yonghe/Niu Qingfeng Wujing/Xu Jinjiang/Guojianyong/Yang Yingna He Rundong/Guopinchao/Hao Lei/Wang Paichun Wujian/Zhou Li/Tang Jiajia/Ji Qilin Zhang Guoli/Deng Jie/Zhao Liang/Liu Zheng Pictures with director and actress Yang Lishan / Chen Jiayan / Liu Xiaohai Wu Qilong / Renquan / Fan Bingbing / Zuo Xiaoqing Jiao Enjun / Zhang Yan / Niuli / Yang Xin Diversity of the plot name seize the first episode of Guandong: Daming, Shizong Jiajing years, frequent foreign trouble, civil unrest. Although the imperial court was repeatedly suppressed, its leaders, the dragon and the celestial powers, were superior in strength, making the officers and soldiers helpless. Those who can contend with it are only four of the famous Zhuge.The apprentice. The elder brother is good at using the green dragon sword in cold blood; the second brother is good at using the one door secret weapon (butterfly knife) ruthlessly; the third brother is good at using the iron sand palm and the ring of death to pursue his life. Four of them were orphans, and became the invincible masters of martial arts under the training of Zhuge Hou. The four apostles even set the border on the emperor. The story of the second episode: the emperor thought that the princess of Ning'an was a suitable age for marriage. Two people agreed that Wen Shian, the son of Wen Tai Shi, was the most suitable. Elegant breeze see cold blood and Princess often flirtatious, not taste in the heart, cold blood more show that treat elegant breeze like a sister, the wind is very sad, ruthless look in the eyes is more painful.. At this time (Butterfly Army) Wuye led several ninjas and Dagu bravely wanted to capture the princess, cold-blooded and Princess fighting spirit, so ignore, and Xue Jing, Zhuge Hou, Yafeng and so on rushed to rescue the princess, the two sides were fiercely entangled. The story of the third episode: the cold to save merciless, a Wen Shian's palm, a sad heart.No, the princess was busy feeding cold blood. Wen Shian looked at the cold shoulder and felt that the princess was fond of cold-blooded. Ruthlessly challenge Wen Shi'an, warm ridicule cold-blooded has been defeated under his hands, how can he challenge him? Ruthlessly play a butterfly valley only door hidden weapon (butterfly knife), and vowed to Shi'an do not look at nobody, because "the knife is a butterfly, butterfly is a knife"! The Princess asked the emperor to send guards protection, the emperor thought that the princess was Wen Shi'an, gladly agreed. But the princess actually refers to people who are cold-blooded. Why does the emperor dislike the princess? Episode 4: The Princess leads Baoyin to visit the injured cold-blooded, cold-blooded and ungrateful. Baoyin calls cold-blooded a real cold-blooded animal. The princess got angry and went back to Imperial Garden to meet Wen Shi Bao. Warm up to the princess. Cold-blooded also felt that he was really too unkind, so go to the princess to make peace, meet Wen Shian, was scorned, the two people beat out..Episode 5: Ruthless and elegant breeze on the road to meet a horse thieves, mercilessly by the horse thieves with poisonous powder to the eyes. Yafeng to treat ruthlessness, go to the drugstore to buy medicinal materials, Yafeng to the drugstore to meet Ito, but the growth and ruthless Ito all bought. Ito bitter meat, and all the drugs to ya Feng. The wind moved, but doubted Ito's heart. Tagu Yong asks Ito why he falls in love with Yafeng? Ito says he sees many beautiful women, and he only wants to confuse her and disturb her in order to compete with ruthlessness! All that time was youth 2017-06-07 Ming Emperor Jiajing years, civil strife and foreign invasion were still frequent, Mr. Wulin Ming Zhuge with his disciples relentless, iron hand, chase after. Desire, elegant wind, flowering flowers, soft snow pretend to have hatred with the emperor and the princess, pretending to offer the nine-sided military plan and princess, without a single soldier or soldier to obtain the three frontier Japanese aggressors, Tatars, local officers and other enemy commanders and generals, made great contributions, the other disciples cold-blooded.They are responsible for protecting the real princess. Seven disciples Jianghu people called "Butterfly Valley Seven Ying", because of this great achievement, four male disciples received... Details Butterfly Valley Seven Ying Chinese girls face paste are very beautiful ah, many girls imitated when young. This drama involves a lot of things, and there are many contents of dog blood. During the reign of Emperor Jiajing in the Ming Dynasty, internal strife and foreign invasion were frequent. With his disciples'ruthlessness, iron hand, pursuing life, elegant wind, flowering flowers and soft snow, Mr. Zhuge disguised himself as a person and princess who resented the emperor. He pretended to present the nine-sided soldiers' plans and princesses. He won three Japanese invaders (the Butterfly Army, Tatar Army, Tuguan and other enemy generals) at no cost. First,... The details of butterflies and girls' faces are beautiful. When I was little, many girls imitated. This drama involves a lot of things, and there are many contents of dog blood. During the reign of Emperor Jiajing in the Ming Dynasty, civil strife and foreign invasion were frequent. Mr. Zhuge, a famous Wulin resident, disguised himself as an emperor's resentment with his disciples'ruthlessness, iron hand, pursuit of life, elegant wind, flowering flowers and soft snow.People and princesses, pretend to offer the nine-sided soldiers and princesses, without a single soldier and a single soldier, you will get three major frontier Japanese invaders (the head of the enemy troops, such as Eastern Butterfly Army, Tatars, Turkish Officers, etc.) Details of the TV news page Weixin knows more about pictures, videos, medical English academic inquiries, you have not subscribed to any content ~the first page movies Sina Weibo Douban QQ Space Tencent Weibo Renren's girlfriend loves to play with all the search results of this film guess you like the screenplay with Director / actress works diversity plot brilliant reviews of this film search results more results 7.3 adventure Wang 6. 3 Six Fingers 7.3 Silk Road Heroes 7.5 Immortal Sword Legend 37.5 Peacock Ling 7.2 Shooting and Carving Heroes 5.9New White-haired Devil Woman 7.3 Water Moon Cave 6.7 Swords Down Tianshan 7.2 Xiao 11 Lang Wu Qilong 6.4 Chivalrous Woman 6.4 Divine Medicine Avenue 6.9 About 6.6 Phoenix in Winter 5.3 Dragon 1 Knife 7.7 Wave Tianya 5.7 Drunken Fist Zhang 37.5 Beauty 6.8 and Tianbi 6.5 Liang Shanbo and Zhuyingtai 6.1 Snow Mountain Flying Fox King Jing Edition 5.8 Guess the Heart-stirring Sword, King 6.5 Water Margin, 5.1 Jingwu Feihong 6.0 Chivalrous 6.7 Kangxi Micro-suit Private Interview 3 Cui Fengjuan Directed Left Xiaoqing Actor, Han Dong Actor, Wu Qilong Actor, 5.5 Warmth Wan Family 6.1 Four Great Families of the 5.7 Flying Sword Swords in Guandong, All of them were young at Age Ah 201706-07 "Butterfly Valley Seven Brings" 2017-06-05 Singing and Laughing Ao Jianghu Sacrifice to Canghai 2017-06-02 Loading More Movie Comedy Love Action Sci-fi Mainland Korean Idol Drama Ancient Dress Anti-Japanese Espionage War Thai Drama Korean Drama Yang Yang Yang Variety Emotional Reality Show Interview Life Food Game Dating Competitive Animation New blood in the harem