The play is based on Wen Ruian's swordsman novel The Four Famous Catches, which was invested by Huayi Brothers Taihe Film and Television Company in 2002 and shot by Wu Qilong, Renquan and Fan Bingbing. Zuo Xiaoqing starred in the lead. The play is a large-scale martial arts drama about love, revenge, conspiracy and salvation. It mainly describes the history of four famous rivers and lakes. Swords have no love but righteousness. The emotional entanglement between the ruthless, cold-blooded, Princess and the elegant breeze of the sister and teacher sublimated in the battle, and finally found their own emotional home, full of twists and turns and warmth. Chinese name seizure Guandong production time 2002 Mainland China director Cui Fengjuan Han Dong Wang Xiangwei starring Wu Qilong, Ren Quan, Zuo Xiaoqing, Fan Bingbing, Wang Jiusheng, Lu Xingyu, Zhang TielinjiWen Ruian Language: Mandarin producers Wang Zhonglei and Song Dai outline the plot of the unknown Dongying swordsmen who challenge their Chinese brothers, rejoicing in the enemy Princess Diao Man's playful and grim swordsmen, and looking for the real horror behind the scenes. During the Jiajing reign, the four disciples under the chair of the famous Wulin Zhuge Hou (Dong Zhihua decoration) were cold-blooded (Ren Quan decoration), ruthless (Wu Qilong decoration), iron hand (Wang Jiusheng decoration), and pursuing orders (Lu Xingyu decoration). They were instructed by their teachers to build many extraordinary achievements for the Dynasty and were famous in Guandong, known as the "four famous arrests". The Japanese leader, Nicky Wu, was ambitious and wanted to fight the Central Plains. So at all costs to get rid of ruthlessness, and to discover ruthlessly that Ethan, who resembled himself in appearance, was his own twin brother, whose father, a Dongying aristocrat twenty years ago, met a businessman in the Middle Kingdom.The willow willow gave birth to twins. Under pressure, Liu Bao went away ruthlessly, and it took all the means. And mercilessly take the calculated measures to escort Yi Tang and other countries out of the country. At the same time, the "colored lantern club" harmed rivers and lakes, and in the light extinguishing operation, the various factions suffered heavy casualties, but cold-blooded has become a scum, in order to get rid of the charges, cold investigation, found that the main conspirator was actually a master, and behind him there are still greater secrets and crises... No sword or lover is righteous. Cold-blooded, ruthless, Princess (Fan Bingbing ornament) and sister Yafeng (left Xiaoqing ornament) between the emotional entanglement in the battle sublimated, and finally found their own emotional home. The first episode of the diversity episode, Daming, during the period of emperor Shing and Jiajing, frequent foreign invasion and internal disorder. Although the imperial court was repeatedly suppressed, its leaders, the dragon and the celestial powers, were superior in strength, making the officers and soldiers helpless. Those who can compete against it are only four of the top disciples of the famous earthquake Wu Lin Zhuge Hou. The elder brother used cold dragon to make use of Qinglong sword; two elder brother mercilessly used a secret device (butterfly knife).(three) the elder brother iron hand is proficient in iron sand palm and is playing the desperate life. Four of them were orphans, and became the invincible masters of martial arts under the training of Zhuge Hou. The four apostles even set the border on the emperor. On the second set, the emperor thought that the princess of Ning'an was a suitable age for marriage. Two people agreed that Wen Shian, the son of Wen Tai Shi, was the most suitable. Elegant breeze see cold blood and Princess often flirtatious, not taste in the heart, cold blood more show that treat elegant breeze like a sister, the wind is very sad, ruthless look in the eyes is more painful.. At this time (Butterfly Army) Wuye led several ninjas and Dagu bravely wanted to capture the princess, cold-blooded and Princess fighting spirit, so ignore, and Xue Jing, Zhuge Hou, Yafeng and so on rushed to rescue the princess, the two sides were fiercely entangled. Third set cold to save merciless, get Wen Shian's palm, the elegant wind heartache does not carry on, the princess is busy feeding cold blood to take medicine. Wen Shian looked at the cold shoulder and felt that the princess was fond of cold-blooded.... Ruthlessly challenge Wen Shi'an, warm ridicule cold-blooded has been defeated under his hands, how can he challenge him? Ruthlessly play a butterfly valley only door hidden weapon (butterfly knife), and vowed to Shi'an do not look at nobody, because "the knife is a butterfly, butterfly is a knife"! The Princess asked the emperor to send guards protection, the emperor thought that the princess was Wen Shi'an, gladly agreed. But the princess actually refers to people who are cold-blooded. The emperor is not happy, why do you think the princess likes a manly man? In the fourth episode, the princess takes Baoyin to see the injured cold-blooded, cold-blooded and ungrateful, Baoyin scolds cold-blooded animal as really cold-blooded. The princess got angry and went back to Imperial Garden to meet Wen Shi Bao. Warm up to the princess. Cold-blooded also felt that he was really too unkind, so go to the princess to make peace, meet Wen Shian, was scorned, the two people beat out.. Fifth sets of ruthless and elegant winds meet horses on the road. Ya Feng for treatment of heartless, to buy medicine at the drugstore, elegant wind to medicineThe shop met Ito, but was bought by Ito, who grew up and relentless. Ito bitter meat, and all the drugs to ya Feng. The wind moved, but doubted Ito's heart. Tagu Yong asked Ito why to pursue Yafeng, it is impossible not to fall in love with her? Ito said he saw many beautiful women, he just confused her, disturb her, in order to compete with ruthlessness! The iron hand parents did not know the reason. They thought Li was their own child and treated Li as a baby. But Li mistreated two old people to death. Li Youzhi was exposed, and Li Lao became angry with shame. In the seventh episode, Toro hijacks Princess Ning'an, rescues her with cold blood, and in turn hijacks Toro, when Wen Shi'an suddenly appears. Let's get rid of Toro because he is a distinguished guest in Ming Dynasty. Ruthlessly found the flannel flowers on the head of the elegant wind on the side of the Bamboo Road, and could not help worrying about the safety of the elegant wind. It turned out that Ootani Yong came to see Ito with a gentle breeze. Ito saw Ya Feng and exultation, indicating that she was her first favorite.On the girl, and sent a string of "jade jade jade" to ya Feng, the wind refused. Eighth Set Princess to save cold-blooded, decided to marry down Toro. God Hou recalled how to save little cold blood, and promised that the cold mother was poor and had to take care of cold-blooded life. When the executioner was about to cut off the cold blood, the prince Zhuge led the six disciples to rob the temple. At this point, Xue Jingye hurried to announce the book of the emperor's summons. Why did the emperor change her mind? Xue Jing said the princess changed her mind because she promised to marry Tolo. Ninth Xue Xue Jing found that Toro was looking for Princess alone before he got married. Xue Jingjue was wrong, so he went to find Toro theory. The second prince called them to stop. He assured his brother Tolo that he would never be rude to the princess before he got married. He also took Xue Jing as a witness. After they left, cold blood embraced the princess and cried. The Princess begged cold blood to take her away. Cold blood knew it was impossible. third night watchTime, cold blood resolutely left the princess. Early in the morning, Chido went to look for Toro. Suddenly, Toro was found dead. The word "cold blood" was written in blood on the right front of the body. When he fought back, the emperor Daming Ming immediately handed over cold blood, otherwise he would kill the troops and kill every household. Xue Jingbu agreed to be very selfish and said he would return to Beijing to see the truth and find out the real murderer. Cold blood promised to return to Beijing with Xue Jing. Tenth the iron hand LED red and red to the inn to see ruthless, pursuit and Zhao Xing. Yafeng pointed out that Honghong was Shangguan Yaohong, the "silver fox with a thousand hands"? Relentlessly scolded the old Bush for killing Toro when he knew it was a Geisha Honghong. Ruthlessly returned to the emperor to report to the emperor and found the witness of the homicide scene: red, madam and Zhao Xing. The emperor promised to investigate the matter thoroughly by the Qidu Department of Criminal Justice, and Qidu flew away with her sleeves. Qidu wanted to send someone to kill Honghong, but the Master said Honghong was not in the prison. She hid in the butterfly valley. God Hou red, red suddenly woke up, speaking Mongolian. God Hou speaks in Mongolian language.Wen, and said that Tolo had been saying before his death, "Why kill me, don't kill me?" Cold-blooded can not Mongolian, so it must not be a killer. The eleventh episode, Xue Jinglai Xuan, is evidenced by the fact that the murder of the great prince is about to begin. Three people in the Imperial College are shocked. Late at night, relentless temptation to the butterfly valley, odd degree to kill Yao Hong mouth, merciless pretend to be Tolo, Yao Hong understand Mongolian, so know odd degree to kill brother said: "kill you, the throne is mine." Qi was startled because Yao red was the witness of the night, and Yao hung gave him a scene of killing him. Not only that, but also ruthlessly holding a letter of treason between Master Wen and his son and the King of Tartar, odd rebuke, if the emperor knew he was framed, he would send tens of millions of troops to attack the Ming Dynasty. But God Hou found out that when Toro was killed, the blood fingerprints on his clothes were strange. Twelfth Ji Ya Feng uses hypnotism to arouse the memory of red, so as to know who is selling red. coldWhen Zhao Xing was forced to ask who was the head of Zhao Xing's traffickers, Zhao Xing reported to Chen Guang that the officer who had been tracked down asked him where he had gone. Chen Guanglai said, "Four arrests at Tianmen? Take her away." Shangguan Yun went to Butterfly Valley to look for red, red see the foster father Shangguan Yun, as if to see the devil, people do not understand? 13 cold-blooded said that can not often meet with the princess, because Yaohong missing. The princess confessed that she had the mind of Bao Qingtian, and she wanted to investigate the case of Yao Hong with cold blood. The cold blood is afraid that the princess will go out of the palace. The princess said he would go with him to investigate, but he was afraid that the princess would blame him. The Princess and cold-blooded went to Chen Guang's house to search for evidence and found that sandalwood in the prison smelled the same as Chen Guang's. In cold blood, the person who rescued Zhao Xing was the trafficker Chen Guang. The Princess asked the orchid concubine to let her father put treasure and silver, and the orchid concubine asked the princess not to associate with cold-blooded people, so the emperor would put treasure and silver, and the princess had to consent. FourteenthCold-blooded blood went to prison to ask Zhao Xing about the Lantern Festival, and Zhao Xingjian said he did not know it. The princess would be cold blooded, found by Xue Jing, rebuked the cold-blooded, and wanted to leave immediately. A few days later, Zhao Xing was murdered by a mysterious killer, cold-blooded hint that Xue Jing did it, iron-handed also blamed Xue Jing for dereliction of duty, Xue Jing said that it was true that the "lantern club" did it, he must be strict Xue Jing advised cold-blooded wisdom sword cut love, because Xue did not tolerate the princess was hurt, the princess assumed the national mission, the emperor would not allow her to marry a grass Mang. Hero. Fifteenth set cold blood to remember princess, elegant breeze is in the side to persuade, cold blood helpless, mercilessly see in the eye. Soft snow, drifting flowers and elegant breeze are willing to say goodbye to their brother. The elegant breeze tells Snow and Flowers that there is no need to think much, because cold blood is missing the princess, while the iron hand does not forget Yao Hong, snow and flowers helpless. Ruthlessly and cold-blooded, gathered together before their departure, recalled their love for two people during their childhood. But two people are worried about the iron hand's obsession with Yao Hong. I am afraid it is difficult to extricate themselves. Cold blood is also empathy.Because the emperor is also breaking up him and the princess, relentlessly persuaded the cold blood to cast aside worries and struggle for tomorrow. In the 16th episode, the princess of Zhuge and the orchid concubine meet again. The orchid concubine tells the goddess that the princess is deeply in love. The goddess says that time will cure everything as long as the princess and cold blood no longer meet. Princess Lanfei came to see the princess. The princess thought she was coming to gloat. Lanfei persuaded the princess that it was a good thing to break up with her in cold blood, because the emperor could not allow the princess to follow the cold blood. The princess asked Princess Lanfei to fulfill her. Lan Fei advised Ning to be a Daming princess. Her fate was doomed when she was born. The country asked her to marry whoever she was going to marry. This is the sadness of the Royal family. Ruthlessly wronged and angry, Ito went to Ito settle accounts, Ito ridiculed him can not stand in China, or as soon as possible and he back to Fusang ruthlessly said to Ito return his innocence, otherwise he would ratherSitting in prison for a lifetime will not let Edward, Edward told him, elegant style is still in his hands, ruthless best obedient obedience.. A cold blooded person went into prison alone, and rescued the cruel and elegant style. In the 18th episode, when they talked about the merciless people, Taguchi eavesdropped on one side. After being discovered by the goddess, Taguchi said a piece of merciless life. His merciless father was Ito Yasuoka, a noble Japanese nobleman, and met the famous prostitute Liu Yue in Tianxianglou when he was in business in China. Liu Yuezhi's parents had killed the Japanese pirates, and Jing Kang had ransom for Liu Yue. But Liu knew that Jing Kang was a man of the Song Dynasty. He fled several times and was recovered by Jing Kang. Finally, Liu Yue suicidal for short, but found that he was pregnant, and finally gave birth to twin boys. Liu Yue fled with his younger brother, while Jing Kang took his brother back to Fu sang, which is now Ito. The nineteenth episode four captured the villa, but in the middle of the Lantern Festival, the tiger and the tiger were removed from the mountain, and the iron masters and the three leaders.They were all killed by colorful lights. When the four names were caught back to the villa, two hundred people in the villa were killed. He went to the robbery case in the Miao nationality area of Southwest China, where there was an amulet of the Miao people, nameplate. After pursuing his life, he got to know the young Miao Aaron, who wore a nine-eyed pearl amulet on his body. He took his life to the mid-family wildfire party and met the Miao princess, Lan Xiaoyue. The goddess was very angry when he learned that a hundred people in the villa had been killed. He vowed to shovel the Lantern festival. He sent four men, cold-blooded, ruthless, iron-handed and pursuing their lives, east, south, West and north, to investigate. It turned out that this was one of the conspiracies between the goddess and Xue Jing. In the 27th episode, the princess and Bao Yin wake up. They are about to escape when the ninth master and Aunt Gui Xiang arrive. The ninth master wants the princess to obey. The princess is not submissive. The ninth master is very angry. Aunt Gui Xiang makes a "hungry" trick. The two go. The Princess and Aunt Bao Yin are still tied up in the prison. Twenty-eighth, Xue Xue Jing advised the princess to return to the palace.The Princess rebelled, and then fought. Baoyin Savior was eager to stop him. When Xue Jing raised his knife and rushed toward them, the dog came forward and was killed by Xue Jing's wrong hand. The princess said that she knew the Taoist spirit of the lantern club was Zhuge. She did not believe it. He thought it was the princess who insulted the master in order to get rid of cold blood. She asked her what evidence she had. The princess said the testimony was a dog, but the dog was dead. Episode 29: Yao Hong and Iron Hand live in an indifferent two-person world. They have a high fever. Red buys medicine to take care of him. Iron is moved. They go to the market to inquire about the teacher's door. When they are discovered by red, they still face the reality and go back to Butterfly Valley to find Master. But Red gradually found that the iron hand was often depressed. One day, after the iron hand got wet, he proposed to Red, and they made a worship to the heaven and the earth and became a couple. Thirtieth sets of heartless and soft snow meet the iron hand and the Yao red in the inn. The iron hand asked ruthlessly, where the elegant wind went, and mercilessly said that he had gone to Dongying to cure Ito's disease for him. Iron scolded ruthlessly and heartless, how can I have the heart to let ya Feng go to Japan, two people?As a result of the conflict, Yao and red were discouraged and believed that the wind would return to butterfly valley. Ruthless nightmare, saw the wind married Ito, awakened from a nightmare, very painful. In episode 31, he ruthlessly traces to the secret room and runs into a masked man. He fights with him and finds out that he will use the palm of his soul. He doubts that he is the master Zhuge. The masked man acts fiercely and makes him return to the palm of his soul. He bruises ruthlessly and flees with soft snow. The Princess asks Xiao Yue why the emperor sent him to Shaoxing to find out what on earth. Xiao Yue says no. Knowing this, the princess wondered why the emperor and the orchid concubine had become uncomfortable recently, as if something had been hidden from her. In the 32nd episode, the emperor finally learns from Wen Hu's minister the birth of the orchid concubine, but the emperor does not blame the orchid concubine, but more love for the orchid concubine. One day, the emperor suddenly broke down in the palace, and LAN Fei and the princess were stuned by the news of her sudden arrival. Cold-blooded to protect the princess, deceive the princess is he killed the emperor, princess because of cold-bloodedAfter killing the emperor and being heartbroken, he went to the Temple House and decided to shave him for the rest of his life. Cold blood tracking treasure to find the princess, Princess hate cold blood why kill their father, sad to leave. In the 33rd episode of the Buddhist temple, the nuns are ready to shave for the princess, cold-blooded to stop, and told the princess that the emperor is still alive, the nun master advised the princess to go back to the palace with cold-blooded. The orchid concubine and the princess were very excited when they saw the emperor who had been brought back by mercilessness. The Princess asked why they had come. The emperor said that the reason was due to the schemes of cold-blooded and heartless people. When the God and Xue Jing learned that the emperor was not dead, they were cold-blooded. The God was furious and vowed to kill the emperor and destroy the Ming Dynasty. When Ya Feng cleaned the study, he found the diary hand of the God hidden in the organ, and learned all about the god. The God found Ya and killed Ya Feng in order to snatch his hand. Before Ya died, he handed over a page of diary tied up in his hand to the God and told him it was the god's deed. MarquisDisguised as eunuch, broke into the palace, hijacked the emperor, the princess blocked, the goddess said he was the princess's biological father, the 34th episode cold-blooded led the princess and others into the Lantern festival, fighting with the gods, the goddess did not enemy the people, they took the princess hostage fled, the princess advised the goddess not to revenge for the past, the goddess told the shame endured for more than 20 years. Shame and suffering, vowed to seek revenge on the emperor, the princess sad, to use their lives to replace the emperor's previous crimes, the gods can not bear, cold-blooded people rushed to the gods, and kneel down to worship the gods do not go to the old grievances and then to kill innocent people, the gods finally kneel down sadly, speechless, self-defeating martial arts. Knowing that she was not born to the emperor, the princess decided to stay away from the palace with cold blood. Just when cold blood and the princess wanted to say goodbye to the emperor and the orchid concubine, Xue Jing, dressed as an eunuch, broke into the emperor and tried to assassinate him. Cold blood stopped him in time.It was her biological brother. The princess was sorry to hear that, LAN Fei took poison to commit suicide, the emperor was sad, and the princess was crazy. The God stood alone under the tree, drank the poisonous wine, all the rivers and lakes with the god, and then disappeared in the world. Cold-blooded and the princess retreated from Butterfly Valley, then retreated from the lake, pursued life and Xiao Yue, Iron Hand and Yao Hong lover eventually married, relentless and soft snow live together. (the end of the play) acting staff, actors and actors dubbed the role of merciless, Ito Wu Qilong Hayton four famous arrests the second, the Japanese iron Wang Jiusheng Zhangpeng four famous arrests. Lao San pursues Lu Xingyu Xuanming, four famous arrests Lao Si, cold-blooded Ren Quan, Zhaoling, four famous arrests Big Zhuge, the God Dong Zhihua, four famous arrests master Yafeng, Zuo Xiaoqing, Zhang Kai's ruthless lover, the Butterfly Valley man Ren Xueyuan, the Butterfly Valley emperor Zhang Tielin, Zhang Tielin TielinPrincess Fan Bingbing, Princess Chen Qian, Princess Fan Bingbing, Princess Liu Jiayue, Princess Xue Jingchen Jiming, the servant girl of the princess, Yao Hongchen Ying, the illegitimate son of the goddess, Princess Dai Chunrong, Princess Zhang Kaifei, Princess Wentai Xiangwei, Princess Wen Shian, and Zhang Peng, the peak of Princess Wen Shian, and Zhang Ying, the valley of Autumn Ling and Jiaoyue, the valley of the Staffing table producers Wang Zhonglei, Song Dai's original works Wen Ruian director Cui Fengjuan, Han Dong, Wang Xiangwei script writing studio role profiles ruthless actor Wu Qilong Wulin renowned Zhuge Hou's second disciple, cold-blooded disciple. Ito is a twin brother who looks alike. Ito, the leader of the Japanese aggressors, who was desperate to fight against the central plains, was badly hit. He happened to find his own twin brother who looked similar to him by chance and mercilessly.Teng and other escort exit. Elegant wind actor Zuo Xiaoqing is gentle, beautiful and skillful in medicine. A love affair with heartless. Ito actor Nicky Wu, leader of the Japanese pirates. Twins who are similar in appearance to those who are heartless. Ambitious to destroy the Central Plains is ruthless, so at any cost to eliminate heartless. Cold-blooded actor Quan Ren, Wu Lin's famous disciple of Zhuge Hou, a merciless elder brother. Since the emperor's favorite daughter Princess Ning'an knew and loved, that is, involved in the complex feelings of enmity between the master and the emperor, and finally fell into a terrible conspiracy, almost disgraced, almost died. Princess Fan Bingbing, the most beloved daughter of the emperor, Princess Ning'an princess, has a character of being unruly and exile. Falling in love with cold blood. Music Sound Song Nominal Words Singing Notes Gao Xiaosong Gao Xiaosong Liu Huan Theme Song [8] "Better Free and easy" Chen Shaoqi Xie Jie Wu Qilong Film Final Song [9] behind the scenes production of flowersThe press conference before the start-up of the ancient costume drama "Famous Catch the Earthquake" co-produced by Huayi Brothers Taihe Film and Television Company and China Film Co-production Company was held. Ren Quan, Wu Qilong, Zuo Xiaoqing and so on "dress up" a new 10 ancient handsome men and women not only attracted the attention of major media reporters in Beijing, but also "very obedient" to allow reporters to interview and take photos, the whole scene atmosphere is very active. This year, Ren Quan was awarded the "New Four Little Kings" by the media and has just been listed as one of the "Top Ten" TV broadcasters in China. This time, in the name of "catching the earthquake in Kanto", I played the first cold-blooded blood of Male No.1 - "four famous names". This drama is named after the four famous capture of Mr. Wen Ruian's novel. The story is from the Ming Dynasty Princess Ning'an "Fan Bingbing" traveling captive, the emperor 24 lost seal, nine sides of the armed map was stolen... And cause. "Quan Ren" knew and fell in love with himself. The emperor's favorite daughter, Ning An princess, was played by Fan Bingbing.Later, that is, involved in the complex enmity between the master and the emperor, and finally into a terrible conspiracy, almost disgraced, almost lost his life. "Huayi" sees the irresistible development momentum of Ren Quan, this year specially produced this play, let him lead the leading role of male No. 1 cold-blooded. Cold-blooded is a person with steady personality, deep feeling and righteousness, but he is not good at expressing emotions. He is more melancholy and meticulous than Ren Quan's previous roles. At the news conference, he said, "play every role as always." Together with "involved" in the "Famous Earthquake" of the love and hatred of this deadly battle is also Taiwan's "idol" star Wu Qilong and "Huayi" favorite newcomer, has participated in "Sunny Days" and "Tianmai Legend" and other film and television Zuo Xiaoqing. In the play, Wu Qilong plays the role of "Ren Quan" of the teacher and brother ruthlessly, but also with the left Xiaoqing as a gentle beauty and good at medical style of love. The production of the name "Zhen Zhen Guan Dong"Starting on October 15, 2002, the play was adapted from Mr. Wen Ruian's novel The Four Great Catches. Wu Qilong's version of "ruthlessness" is not a famous arrest in a wheelchair set by the original author, but is adapted as a sentimental and healthy swordsman. In order to distinguish itself from the old adapted swordsman blockbusters, Wu Qilong and Ren Quan's faces are adorned with the most popular facial decoration patterns. At the same time, the play abandons the traditional costume drama, which always emphasizes the main line of emotion, motivation and modern people. The way of expression is to interpret roles and strive to create a new fashion of humanization, freshness and idolization. Opera evaluation positive evaluation of Wu Qilong in the play a person plays cold-blooded and Ito one positive and negative two roles, and there is quite a wonderful fight scene. The Star Lineup of Famous Earthquake Catching Guandong, Wu Qilong's Confrontation, Ren Quan's Change of Face, and the Love and Hatred between the Major StarsEntanglement is the highlight of the play. On the contrary, Wen Ruian, the original of the play, said without hesitation that none of the adaptation of the four major arrests was satisfactory to him, and that the adaptation of all versions had been shattered and distorted. In the Nicky Wu version of the four famous catch, the iron hand is constantly changing, and it has been changed beyond recognition. < editCount > 13 < / editCount > < visitCount > 86426 < / visitCount > < cardItem > < label > Chinese name < / label > < value > name seismogenic Guandong < / value > < / cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > production time < / label > < value > 2002 < / cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem >Label > production area < / label > < value > Mainland China < / value > < / cardItem > < cardItem > < director < / label > < value > Cui Fengjuan Han Dong Wang Xiangwei < / value > < / cardItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > starring < / label > value > Wu Qilong, Renquan, Zuo Xiaoqing, Fan Bingbing, Wang Jiusheng, Lu Tielin < / value < / cardItem > < IdItem > < cardItem > < cardItem > < Idlab > < Wu < El> set number </label> <value>35</value> </cardItem><cardItem> <label> type </label> <value> ancient costumeThe martial arts drama </ / value > ></ / value ></ / cardItem > > > >< cardItem > > >< cardItem > < value > > > > > > label > > > > > release time </ / / / value > > > > > > > < value > > > < value > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > > > > < cardItem > > > > > > > > > >/cardIt Em><cardItem> <label> producer </label> <value>Wang Zhonglei, Song Dai, </value> </cardItem>