Ancient costumes, martial arts, fantasy, your browser version is too low, it is recommended that you choose chrome or IE7 version above. You haven't seen any videos (TV series, documentaries, animation, variety shows, movies) for a long time. Earlier this week: Mainland China time: 2002 Language: Mandarin update time: No brief introduction: Ming Dynasty Jiajing years, frequent foreign invasion, civil strife and huge. Under the guidance of Master Zhuge Hou Zhihua (Dong Zhihua), Wu Chi-long, Wu Chi-long, Wang Jiu-sheng and Xue Ming (Lu Xing-yu) became the martial arts chivalrous swordsman, who was specially designed to calm the frontier customs for the emperor. List of cold episodes (34 episodes) 12345678910 111213141516171819 2021 22 23 24 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 cold-blooded Princess Ning An ruthlessly decorated emperor Yafeng TV rating list: 7.2 8 heroes, a big-name Huang Haibing, Fan Bingbing version of the TrackMan movies can not help themselves, thousands of words, Jiang Shan for Wu Qilong to play the Western Regions heroes related topics recommended detective Supershen 4 Skills: Supernatural logical reasoning ability, no dead-end keen observation, a blow... Responsible editor: Cao Xiao AS001 * TV Guide more channel content here to see know the entertainment sports information movie variety show network movie talk show cartoon children's mother and child education health music funny Fashion, original tourism, patrolling, finance, military technology, public welfare Auto documentaryBangqi Show Live Shop All-Network Search App Store Big Head Literary Game Video VIP Members Edge Cartoon Game Center VR Bubble 3 times Smoother! Download 0 Update | Play Record Logon | Register Open VIP Renewal VIP Renewal VIP Renewal VIP Members Renewal VIP Upload Video Making Video My Space Video Management Play Data View Divides User Portrait Application Divides into Download Client Message Update Reminder 6 Relevant 6 Systems Notice 6 All Marked as Readable Play Records Edgecraft Users will be able to Permanently Save Play Records Is Reading History Filtrating Short Video Cloud Records for You Record loading failed, please refresh and try again later to see all the more > Use the Mac client, reject the card, fever, watch the film more standardDirector: Wang Xiangwei Type: Ancient Clothes / Knight-errant / Fantasy: During the Jiajing Period of the Ming Dynasty, there were frequent foreign invasions and civil strife. Under the guidance of Master Zhuge Hou Zhihua (Dong Zhihua), Wu Chi-long, Wu Chi-long, Wang Jiu-sheng and Xue Ming (Lu Xing-yu) became the martial arts chivalrous swordsman, who was specially designed to calm the frontier customs for the emperor. Cold-blooded Princess of Ning'an (Fan Bingbing decoration) for fighting, was subjected to Wen Shi'an (peak decoration) a hand, secretly loved his elegant style (left little green decoration) distressed, but the emperor did not understand why his daughter liked a mandarin. The princess went on a journey and was killed in cold blood and desperate for help. In return for cold blood, the princess decided to marry Chen Junshi. Japanese Ito (Wu Qilong decoration) false companion ruthlessness, robbing rich merchants, seizing the government treasury silver, was mercilessly to find its theory, but Ito ridiculed, and elegant style as a person.The quality is forced to be ruthless, and the cold blood alone will help to save the heartless and elegant wind. Four brothers because of the transfer of the tiger from the mountain, resulting in 100 people were killed in the villa, the goddess vowed to level the lantern, he sent four divisions to investigate, the river and lake will be staged a bloody wind.