Area: Mainland Language: Total number of Putonghua: 34 production time: 2002 label: Introduction: Ming Dynasty Jiajing years, frequent foreign invasion, civil strife aggravated. Under the guidance of Master Zhuge Hou Zhihua (Dong Zhihua), Wu Chi-long, Wu Chi-long, Wang Jiu-sheng and Xue Ming (Lu Xing-yu) became the martial arts chivalrous swordsman, who was specially designed to calm the frontier customs for the emperor. Cold-blooded Princess of Ning'an (Fan Bingbing decoration) for fighting, was subjected to Wen Shi'an (peak decoration) a hand, secretly loved his elegant style (left little green decoration) distressed, but the emperor did not understand why his daughter liked a mandarin. The princess went on a journey and was killed in cold blood and desperate for help. In return for cold blood, the princess decided to marry Chen Junshi. Japanese Ito (Wu Qilong decoration) false companion ruthlessness, robbing rich merchants, seizing the government treasury silver, was mercilessly to find its theory, but Ito ridiculed, and elegant style as a person.The quality is forced to be ruthless, and the cold blood alone will help to save the heartless and elegant wind. Four brothers because of the tiger to leave the mountain, resulting in 100 people were killed in the villa, the goddess vowed to level the Lantern show, he sent the four students to investigate, there will be a bloody scene on the river and lake... Occupation: Director and actor area: China's famous film and television directors in the mainland, film actors, once filmed the film has "the duty of a policewoman," blood shore revenge. "Hua Bi Lian forced marriage" and so on, has filmed the television drama "Sui and Tang Dynasty hero 3", "the last emperor legend" and so on. Professional career: actor writer director Han Dong, a famous poet and writer, was born in Nanjing in May 1961. At the age of 8, he graduated from the countryside in Northern Jiangsu with his parents. He graduated from the Philosophy Department of Shandong University in 1982. He was a teacher of Xi'an Shaanxi Institute of Finance and Economics, and a teacher of Nanjing Audit College. He resigned as a freelance writer in 1992. He was employed as a contract maker by Guangdong Writers'Association, and then transferred to another one.Shenzhen Nick Art Co., Ltd. for..... Check out the details of Wu Qilong area: Wu Qilong, Taiwan, born on October 31, 1970 in Taiwan, China, singer, actor, producer, producer. In 1988, he became a member of the tigers. The tigers were temporarily disbanded in 1991. After solo 1992, the first solo album, "catch the wind", was released, and sales reached four platinum in two months. For five consecutive years since 1992, Ren Quan has been working in Min.. Check the Details of Ren Quan's Career: Actor, Director and Writer Area: Ren Quan from the Mainland, a well-known actor from the Mainland of China. Because of the role of "young Bao Qingtian" Gongsun Ce and widely popular by the media as the four little students, four little emperors, ancient prince. Ren Quan has changed from being a hero in the opera to a powerful actor and producer today, and his rich experience has helped him sharpen his exquisite acting skills. In 2011, he left Huayi Gong.Fan Bingbing, born on September 16, 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong Province, is a Chinese actress, singer and producer. She graduated from Xie Jin School of Film and Television Arts, Shanghai Normal University. In 1996, she starred in the first TV drama "The Strong Woman" and entered the Performing Arts circle. In 1998, she starred in the TV drama "Returning Zhuge" which attracted wide attention. 20. Check out the details of Zuo Xiaoqing's occupation: the actor and playwright area: Zuo Xiaoqing from the Mainland, born in Changsha, Hunan Province, on June 25, 1977, a Mainland Chinese actress graduated from Beijing Film Academy. In 2004, Juan Zi was known to the audience because of the TV drama "divorce in Chinese style". In 2005, he played the "Ayu" in the TV drama "sleep hardships and courage". In 2007, he appeared in the TV drama "about winter" and played the role of AI Xue.See more details of Tencent TV series, TV series, variety movies, VIP cinema, children's entertainment, music concert, American drama, Korean drama, documentary, micro-film, sports, NBA funny game, original fashion, life, shooting, automobile technology, finance, real estate, live film review, excellent course, child-rearing, tourism, Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism Hot Search List VIP See List Upload and Download Client Send VIP Continuous Sign-up 5 Days Send VIP Triple Flow Play 1080P Blu-ray Picture Quality New Drama Look ahead of Time Experience 1080P Blu-ray Picture Pure Frameless Player Triple Flow Play Immediately Experience PC Client Sign-up 5 Days Send VIP PC Client Free Blu-ray Play PC Client 3 times smooth play PC client, one hour ahead of schedule, PC client automatically update, Download episode cut.Exchange V coin good gift cloud synchronous viewing record free lottery with the client to see VIP logon can be opened VIP / Super Video VIP see blockbuster open V coin good gift cloud synchronous viewing record free lottery with the client to see VIP immediately login 7.7 cents beans 6.1 martial arts costume details director Wang Xiangwei Wang Xiangwei director Han Dong Han Dong Wu Qilong Ren Quan Fan Bingbing Left Xiaoqing Share 22324252627 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 All mini-videos and cinematography-related recommendations Film and TV Sound mini-videos and more cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinematographic cinemato