Starring: Ren Quan Fan Bingbing, Wu Chilong, Wang Jiusheng, Lu Xingyu, Director: Wang Xiangwei Type: The Age of Ancient Swordsman's Love Story: 2002 Area: Mainland Brief Introduction: Based on Wen Ruian's famous swordsman work "Four Famous Catches" series adaptation. Following the youth package Qingtian, another masterpiece. All-star creation, the production of a strong lineup, the suspense of a series of love, revenge, conspiracy, rescue of the lakes and rivers. During the Jiajing reign of the Ming Dynasty, there were evil organizations called "lantern festivals" which endangered the local areas, and the Japanese invaders and Tatars invaded the Jewish frontier. The common people suffered terribly. Four disciples under the chair of the famous Wulin Zhuge Hou: cold-blooded, ruthless, iron-handed, named after Zhenguandong, known as the "four arrests". The leader of the Japanese pirates is ambitious, and wants to fight the Central Plains. Therefore, at all costs to remove ruthlessness, and mercilessly also unexpectedly found that their appearance is very similar to the Japanese twin brother! Originally 20Years ago, their father was a nobleman of the East, and he met a prostitute willow and gave birth to twins when he was doing business in Central China. Under pressure, Liu Bao went away ruthlessly, and it took all the means. And mercilessly take the calculated measures to escort Yi Tang and other countries out of the country. At the same time, the "colored lantern club" is becoming more and more arrogant, and in the light extinguishing operation, the various factions have suffered heavy casualties, cold-blooded as a result of the whole body and retreated into the inferior class, in order to get rid of the charges, cold investigation, found that the masters were masters of the gods, and behind him there are still greater secrets and crises... No sword or lover is righteous. The emotional entanglements between cold-blooded, merciless, Princess and the younger sister of the younger sister were sublimated in battle. Finally found his own emotional destination. Launch all the relevant games: Simeiren "Famous Earthquake Catching Guandong" feature 13 people to participate in the commentary of Daming, Shizong Jiajing years, frequent foreign invasion, civil unrest. Although the imperial court was repeatedly destroyed, its leader, the Dragon Emperor, was superior in strength, so that the officers and men could not be armed.Policy. Those who can compete against it are only four of the top disciples of the famous earthquake Wu Lin Zhuge Hou. The elder brother is good at using the green dragon sword in cold blood; the second brother is good at using the one door secret weapon (butterfly knife) ruthlessly; the third brother is good at using the iron sand palm and the ring of death to pursue his life. Four of them were orphans, and became the invincible masters of martial arts under the training of Zhuge Hou. The four apostles even set the border on the emperor. In a detailed plot, the emperor thought that Princess Ning was a suitable age for marriage, and then he consulted with Lanfei. Two people agreed that Wen Shian, the son of Wen Tai Shi, was the most suitable. Elegant breeze see cold blood and Princess often flirtatious, not taste in the heart, cold blood more show that treat elegant breeze like a sister, the wind is very sad, ruthless look in the eyes is more painful.. At this time (Butterfly Army) Wuye led several ninjas and Dagu bravely wanted to capture the princess, cold-blooded and Princess fighting spirit, so ignore, and Xue Jing, Zhuge Hou, Yafeng and so on rushed to rescue the princess, the two sides were fiercely entangled. The details of the story are cold and merciless.Ann's palm is sad, and the princess is busy with cold blood. Wen Shian looked at the cold shoulder and felt that the princess was fond of cold-blooded. Ruthlessly challenge Wen Shi'an, warm ridicule cold-blooded has been defeated under his hands, how can he challenge him? Ruthlessly play a butterfly valley only door hidden weapon (butterfly knife), and vowed to Shi'an do not look at nobody, because "the knife is a butterfly, butterfly is a knife"! The Princess asked the emperor to send guards protection, the emperor thought that the princess was Wen Shi'an, gladly agreed. But the princess actually refers to people who are cold-blooded. Why does the emperor dislike the princess? Detailed plot > Movie adapted game more > Chiron is a man with two roles, a natural sprouting of ruthlessness, an ice face of Ito, pinch bar is the fourth master = Although the plot is generally strange, but the small Thunderbolt has an invincible face, even if a sheet hanging a sack head. Top two pinch of fox hair is still handsome, the vast universe, HC no limit ingRui Enya, who was fascinated by these famous arrestees in those days, is also very clever in it. Yes, the four big names in the back do not like it very much. Anhao is like cold blood on a sunny day, Fan Bingbing finally lost his memory and cold blood together is very good, otherwise how to face, and Zuo Xiaoqing is also very beautiful Muqihai Killer according to Wen Ruian's four famous arrest adapted, favorite four famous arrest TV series, the passage of time, the memory is still very strong. C.L. Riddle takes up the time of the human channel. A group of unknown people do not know what to do on TV. They are carelessly seen by me. Please contact us in time. We will arrange verification at the first time.Fawu@2345.com Home Film and TV Animation Stars Play Game Beauty Show Entertainment Records No Viewing Records Registered Accelerated Play Cannot Play Points My Name Shocked Guandong 34 episodes All 9.6 Points Join the Collection Tencent Edge Fox Search More My Le Youku 1 episode Play 2-episode playback 3-episode playback 5-episode playback 6-episode playback 8-episode playback 9-episode playback 10-episode playback 11-episode playback 13-episode playback 15-episode playback 17-episode playback 19-episode playback 20-episode playback 22-episode playback 24-episode playback 25- Play 26 episodes27 episodes play 28 episodes play 31 episodes play 32 episodes play 33 episodes play 34 episodes play 1 episode play 2 episodes play 3 episodes play 5 episodes play 6 episodes play 8 episodes play 10 episodes play 12 episodes play 14 episodes play 15 episodes play 16 episodes broadcast Play 17 episodes play 18 episodes play 20 episodes play 22 episodes play 23 episodes play 25 episodes play 26 episodes play 27 episodes play 29 episodes play 31 episodes play 33 episodes play 34 episodes play 1 episode play 2 episodes play 3 episodesPlay 4 episodes, play 5 episodes, play 6 episodes, play 7 episodes, play 8 episodes.