Home page; Announcement of current affairs; Macau Baccarat; How often do you sign a visa to Macau and Hong Kong now? To Hong Kong, Macau passes need to be processed according to the rules of the day when you live in Hong Kong and Macau passes! Usually within 30 days you can apply for them. The fastest city can also issue a visa in 5 working days. It is necessary for me to go to the police station of the place where I am registered to apply for it in person! The required proof materials are: the original and duplicate of the registered permanent residence and ID card! The cost of the work is 200 yuan RMB, 20 yuan per signature! Simple point to say: bring the original of the registered permanent residence card, 120 yuan certification fee, 50 yuan photo fee, 20 yuan signature fee in Hong Kong and Macao. Location: Local Public Security Bureau Entry-Exit Certificate Management Center Time: 10 working days for the first time: 1. Get the queue number (similar to the bank) 2. Copy the ID card and the household registration book 3. Photo 4. Fill in the application form for Hong Kong and Macao 5. Wait for the call number.Handle Hong Kong's signature when you apply for a pass can be handled together, usually three months or a year round trip, stay no more than seven days advanced search | site map | TAG tag RSS subscription [set to the front page] RSS subscription [add collection] site can be free of charge to publish all kinds of information, if you need to publish information please contact this site! Information Examination Policy Questions Consultation Question Center Common Sense Judgment Hot Search: 2014 National College Entrance Examination Questions Hot Questions 2013 Current Position: Home > Announcement Current Events > Macau Baccarat > Time: 2015-04-01 10:08 Source: Office Home Author: Civil Servant Home Click: Sogou Interactive Q&A community, where users can ask questions, solve problems, or search for brilliant content precipitated by other users; hereCan feel most share: QQ space Sina Weibo Tencent Weibo Weibo more previous article: the next column: Macau Baikala real person Baikala Baikala software Baikala overwhelming Baikala Forum Baikala rules Baikala Baikala how to play Baikala Baikala game Baikala skills Baikala website Baikala Baikala Baikala Baikala What are the denominations of Macau currencies? The currencies in circulation in Macau are issued in 1999. Some questions about the exchange of Macau currencies? (Macau International Airport + Bank of China) 1. I................................................................................. Profit and initiative... Land public housing. Qingdao Macau Garden (Jiaozhou) Personal Rental Room, Nanguan Macau Garden... Macau East Asia Hotel Introduction Orange Holiday for the general to Hong KongTourists from Macau will be required to make reservations for the East Asia Hotel in Macau. 1. Guests must bring their own valid certificates to Hong Kong and Macau. Please provide the names of the participants when signing up.