Chinese Taijiquan; Square Dance; Chongqing Yezi Square Dance; Content Abstract Pour in this wine to think that it is not easy to live the road to this day, a confidant tonight gathered wine as a song on the road to lament the storm of life, you brother, you are a lifetime brother, talk side by side with the earth is my brother, it is a lifetime of good brothers, the friendship between the left and right arm you are brothers in my life, brothers do not you Brothers are good brothers. Brothers are good brothers. Money is not a problem. Brothers help you to gather and disperse. Life is full of sorrow and joy. Our feelings are the greatest treasure. Today, a drunken encounter here. Only you are so affectionate to call your brother you are one.Brothers talk with each other. That's my brother. That's a good brother. That's the friendship. You're brothers. My brothers live and die together. Brothers are good brothers. Money is a good brother. Brothers help you call you brothers. You're brothers for a lifetime. Talk with the world. My brother is a lifelong good brother on this friendship left arm and right arm you are my lifelong brother will not leave life and death together Chinese Taijiquan Square Dance Shopping Mall Fuzzy SearchDance Team Mei Jiu Yun Chang Ying Lili Ge Wang Guangcheng Zhou Siping Yang Art Team Yiguan Zi Butterfly Gao Anzi Junrui Liping Liu Rongxin Dance to Xia Square Dance More Dance Team Please Wait a minute There are 4 seconds left to follow and reply: 22660, you can watch the volume on your mobile phone: 1 video address: http://www.cntaijiquan.com/gcw/22660. Square dance 12:56, I want to be quiet.Chongqing Yezi Square Dance I want to quietly choreographed Qinger dance with decomposition and back demonstration 03:49 Red saddle Chongqing Yezi Square Dance Red saddle choreographed Chunying 13:58 Many years later square dance Chongqing Yezi Square Dance Move Fitness Dance with decomposition 11:46 father's Grassland Mother Chongqing Yezi Square Dance father's Grassland Mother Don't drink so much Chongqing Yezi Square Dance. Don't drink so much Chongqing Yezi Square Dance. Don't drink so much Chongqing Yezi Square Dance. Don't drink so much Chongqing Yezi Square Dance.