Baidu Experience; Game / Digital; The Internet Experience Pictures, Texts may exist outside the site links or phone numbers, please pay attention to identification, beware of being deceived! Listen to voice | Browse: 50565 | Update: Baidu Experience: Jingyan. baidu. com Sometimes, we see a shared file in the QQ group, its open QQ group to share but not open, or When people open up, they can't download anything they share. Then, what should we do at this time? Baidu experience: jingyan. baidu. com method / step first look at the symptoms, its open QQ chat group, point group sharing, into. Point sharing enters, click on the download after each shared file, and if the point does not respond, or the previous action, can not open, use the following method. Open browser, open Baidu, enter QQ group space in Baidu. Click search.The result, enter, and then see, will let you type your QQ number and password, enter. You can see the dynamics of all your groups. At this point, pull up and down to find the group where the shared file you want to download is located. At this point, there will be a group file on it, the number on it represents how many files are shared in the group, click on it. See that there is a download symbol at the back of each file. Click the download symbol at the back of the file you want to download. Okay, click on it, select the location you want to download, at this point, you can download the full, and then go into the address you downloaded, you can find the file you downloaded. So happy, there are wood. END experience is for reference only, if you need to solve specific problems (especially in the legal, medical and other fields), you are advised to consult the relevant professionals in detail. This experience is based on my true experience, original and unauthorized thanks.No reprint. Vote (167) Voted (167) Yes (0) I have a question (0) Popular magazine Issue 1 You do not know the iPad tricks 3676 times to share the first issue of win7 computer those things 6458 times to share the second issue of new people play Baidu experience 1329 times to share the first issue of Win8.1 practical tricks 2619 times to share the first issue of Win8.1 1854 times to share, please scan Share the experience of the circle of friends pictures, text links or phone numbers may exist outside the site, please pay attention to identification, beware of being deceived! Baidu Experience | Baidu know | Baidu Home | log in | registration news page posted to know the experience of music pictures video map encyclopedia library publishing experience homepage categorized food / food Nutrition game / digital handcraft / love life / home health/ Health Care / Outdoor Workplace / Financial Emotion / Communication Mother and Child / Educational Fashion / Beauty Task Reward Task Bookmark to Return to Shopping Mall Feature Video Experience Fans Magazine Knows Baidu Experience > Game / Digital > Internet 2014-07-2320:01 | Tag: Share 1 234 5567 Step Reading 1 Step Reading 2 Step Reading Read 3 steps, read 4 steps, read 6 steps, read 7 steps, read 8 steps, read the report author's statement: +1 Tell me why voting for this experience! The great writing helped my author because of willfulness I voted for... You can also type 500 words only if you sign up for the author and above. How do you get your share back? You can also type 1000 words, for example.You can also input 500 words for a batch of relevant experience 2 2014.08.140 2014.09.19 3 2015.12.04 0 2015.06.08 45 2014.11.03 related tag share advertisement qqq group today expenditure on how to improve their health by accumulating the author's experience Ability * If you want to complain, please go to Baidu Experience Complaint Center. If you want to make suggestions, please go to Baidu Experience Management Bar for feedback. 30 +1 share collection and return to magazine