Guidelines on Operational Matters of the New Guangdong Accounting Information Service Platform I. Application for Accounting Professional Qualification Certificate. 1. Processing procedures: 1. Login to our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to fill in and print the "Guangdong Province Accountant Qualified Personnel Basic Information Form", and make an appointment to the site when filling in the form; 2. Bring the materials listed in point 2 below to the appointment date; Submit the application to the financial sub-bureau of Dependent Town Street; 3. After 15 working days from the date of submission of the application, bring the original ID card and accept the receipt to the financial sub-bureau of Dependent Town Street for the certificate of accounting qualification. 2. Required Materials: The materials that the accountants need to carry when they come to apply (the first four items are the materials that must be carried, and the last five items can be provided according to the actual situation of the individual):1. Basic Information of Qualified Accountants in Guangdong ProvinceOne copy of the Form, one original and one photocopy of the valid ID card, one original and one copy of the diploma of the highest academic qualifications (or degrees), of which the certificate of academic qualifications certified by the State Administration of Education should be provided in accordance with the regulations for those who meet the requirements for exemption from examination (those who have obtained the certificate of single subject qualification before the first half of 2013); A small one-inch (27mm *38mm) color certificate with no crown is taken; _If there is a work unit in Dongguan, the official seal of the work unit should be affixed to the Basic Information Form of Qualified Accountants in Guangdong Province; if the residence permit is issued in Dongguan, the original and photocopy of the residence permit should be provided; if the student's certificate is issued in a technical secondary school of Dongguan University, the student should be provided. One original certificate and one photocopy; _If you have acquired the professional and technical qualifications of accounting, you must provide the corresponding original certificate and one photocopy; if you have acquired a certified public accountant, you must provide the original certificate and one photocopy; if you are currently in an accounting professional and technical position.Provide the original and photocopy of the letter of engagement; _The original of the Certificate of Achievement of Guangdong Provincial Accounting Professional Examination within the validity period. Certificates of single subject (including the Certificate of Achievement in the Double-subject Examination and the Certificate of Achievement in the Computerized Primary Accounting Examination) which have been obtained before July 1, 2013 must be processed before December 31, 2014. The qualification of exemption personnel is handled. According to the regulations, the following two types of accountants can apply to the Municipal Accounting Institute for the certificate of exemption from examination: the first type: before July 1, 2013, has been appointed as a senior accountant or engaged in accounting work for more than 20 years, and over 50 years of age, is still engaged in accounting work, after I apply for and provide relevant materials such as unit certificate, will After having verified the correctness of the qualification management institution, the certificate of accounting qualification is issued. The second category: a certified public accountant, who is still engaged in accounting work.Provide relevant materials such as unit certificate, and the accounting professional qualification management organization shall issue the accounting professional qualification certificate after verifying the correctness. If you entrust another person to handle the matter, you should provide an original and a copy of the valid identity document of the agent. (2) Acceptance of applications: 1. Establishment of accounting personnel files: 1. After the sub-bureau officially issued the Accounting Practice Qualification Certificate, the unified establishment of accounting personnel files. (2) The portfolio shall contain the following information: Items (1) to (4) of the information to be submitted by the above-mentioned accountants are required and (1) to (2) optional. Among them, holders of Guangdong Province accounting professional knowledge examination results qualified certificate (including single, dual examination results qualified certificate and primary accounting computerized examination results qualified certificate), the need to recover its original. 2. Processing of Common Matters in Processing: (1) If there is a work unit in our city, only the work unit should affix its seal to the Basic Information Table of Qualified Accountants in Guangdong ProvinceIn the opinion column of the work unit, the signature of the legal representative is not required, but the relevant personnel of the work unit can sign it. (2) If the residence certificate is being processed and the residence certificate is being processed, a receipt for handling the residence certificate issued by the Municipal Public Security Department shall be provided. At that time, accountants need to receive the certificate of accounting qualification with their residence permit. (3) If the qualifications for exemption are met before the first half of 2013, the candidates shall provide the original and duplicate certificates certified by the State Administration of Education. Namely: candidates for examination and application for certificate are two different business matters, in both links need to check the candidates'certificate of academic qualifications. (4) Before the first half of 2013, the list of secondary and tertiary institutions in our city which meet the requirements of exemption from examination (graduates of accounting majors) is as follows: serial number school name annotation serial number school name annotation 1 Dongguan Polytechnic 17 Dalingshan Vocational and Technical School is public2 Dongguan Polytechnic City College 18 Dongguan Advanced Technical School 3 Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology Former Nanbo College 19 Yucai Vocational and Technical School 4 Dongguan Vocational and Technical College 20 Nanhua Vocational and Technical School 5 Dongguan Polytechnic School 21 Nanbo Vocational and Technical School 6 Dongguan Economic and Trade School Public No. 22 Huayue Vocational and Technical School, No. 7 Dongguan Vocational and Technical School, No. 23 Zhitong Vocational and Technical School, No. 8 Dongcheng Vocational and Technical School, No. 24 Wuxing Vocational and Technical School, No. 9 Humen Weiyuan Vocational and Technical High School, No. 25 Huayue Vocational and Technical School, No. 7 Dongguan Vocational and Technical School, No. 23 Zhi School-run 26 Shilong Vocational and Technical School in September 2011 merged into the City Information Vocational and Technical School 11 Chang'an Vocational High SchoolPublic 27 Shijie Vocational Middle School 12 Tongxia Polytechnic School Public 28 Ma Chung Vocational High School Cease Admission in 2011 13 Changping Huangshui Vocational Middle School Public 290,000 Jiang Second Secondary School Affiliated Vocational High School Class Cease Admission in 2011 14 Nancheng Vocational High School Public 30 Daokao Secondary School Affiliated Vocational High School Class Cease Admission in 2011 15 Dalang Vocational High School Secondary School Public 31 Guangdong Accounting Correspondence Vocational and Technical School Dongguan Counseling Station in 2011 to stop the admission of 16-step vocational and technical school public 2, transfer of accounting professional qualification certificate. (1) accounting qualification is transferred and transferred out of the province (including Shenzhen). 1. Accounting personnel transfer: (1) Processing procedures: 1) Certified personnel must complete the previous year's continuing education according to the provisions; 2) Login to our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.d)G.gov.cn) Fill in and print the Registration Form for Transfer of Accounting Employees Qualifications of the People's Republic of China and the Basic Information Form of Accounting Employees of Guangdong Province by itself, and make an appointment to the date when the application is completed; and (3) Bring the materials listed in Point 2 below to the subordinate Financial Bureau for transfer out of the province according to the appointment date. Application; 4. After 5 working days from the date of submission of the materials, the original ID card and receipt of acceptance shall be brought to the local financial sub-bureau to collect the archives for transfer; 5. Within 3 months from the date of transfer, transfer procedures shall be carried out in accordance with the requirements of the accounting professional qualification management institution in the place of transfer. (2) Required materials: 1) The Registration Form for Transferring Accounting Employees Qualifications of the People's Republic of China in triplicate (printed on its own after landing on the website); 2) The Basic Information Form for Accounting Employees of Guangdong Province (printed on its own after landing on the website); 3) The original and photocopy of the Certificate of Accounting Employees Qualifications; 4) I have it.One original and photocopy of valid ID card; 1 original and photocopy of work certificate (or household registration certificate or residence certificate) transferred to the place of residence; 1 original and photocopy of relevant certificate of continuing education; 1 original and photocopy of entrusted person's ID card; 1 original and photocopy of agent's ID card should be brought with him at the same time. 2. handle the transfer: (1) the information that should be included in the transfer: the data should be reused to seal the files in a unified manner. The cover of the portfolio should be marked with the file number (unified ID card number), name, ID card number, issuing date, receiving the name of the financial department, inquiring the website of our city's accounting information management system, handling time prompt, and the special seal of the branch office. As follows: Dongguan Accountant Information File (XX Branch) Accountant Qualification Certificate File Number ID Card Number Issuance Date Call out Information Record (XX Branch Seal) Receive the name of the financial department: Dongguan AccountantInformation Management System Web Site: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn/- Integrity File Query Timing Tips: The Accounting Practice Qualification Management Measures stipulate that the holder should hold the accounting practice qualification certificate, transfer registration form and work certificate (or household registration certificate, residence certificate) at the place of transfer within three months from the date of the transfer formalities. To be transferred to the accounting qualification management institution for transfer procedures. The portfolio should contain the following information: (1) the Registration Form for Transferring Accounting Employees Qualifications of the People's Republic of China; (2) the Basic Information Form for Accounting Employees of Guangdong Province (printed and affixed with the special seal of each branch office in the Accounting Information Service Platform of Guangdong Province); and (3) the original Certificate of Accounting Employees Qualifications; and (4) the original capital of the original accounting Application information for the certificate (including application form, certificate of authenticity, etc.). (2) after the transfer, the sub bureau shall retain the following information files: (1) the people's Republic of ChinaNational Accounting Professional Qualification Transfer Registration Form; 2. Basic Information Table of Accounting Professionals in Guangdong Province. (3) Processing of the redeployment after the redeployment: If the accountant has already been transferred, but the other party can not receive the redeployment due to the financial department or the accountant for other reasons, such as from the city to handle the date of the redeployment (that is, the date of examination and seal of each branch) within three months, our city can still receive the redeployment. For more than three months, refuse to accept. (two) accounting qualification certificate is transferred to Shenzhen province (including the city). 1. Accountants transfer: (1) Processing procedures: (1) Accountants in accordance with the requirements of the qualifications management institutions of the accounting profession in the place of transfer; 2) Login to our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) reservations for provincial transfer date, the reservations date should be 3 months from the date of transfer; 3) According to the reservations;On the approximate date, bring the materials required in Item 2 to the subordinate Financial Bureau and submit the application for transfer outside the province; 4. Take the original ID card and accept the receipt to the subordinate Financial Bureau to get the accounting qualification card after 5 working days from the date of submission. (2) Required materials: 1) The Registration Form for Transfer of Accounting Employment Qualifications of the People's Republic of China in triplicate (after being examined and sealed by the competent management agency of accounting employment in the place of transfer); 2) the original certificate of accounting employment qualification; 3) the work certificate issued by the transferring unit (with the official seal of the unit), or the original and photocopy of the residence certificate; 4) the valid identity of the transferee; One original and one photocopy of the certificate; _One original and one photocopy of the highest diploma; _One original and one photocopy of the agent's identity card shall be carried with the entrusted agent. 2. Processing transfer: 1. Auditing the authenticity of accounting personnel information: For inter-provincial transfer, visit the transfer platform of the Ministry of Finance to download the transfer of the accounting personnel.The accounting personnel files should be set up after the transfer (see the application for certification for details of operation); and the treatment of the incomplete continuing education. In the process of transfer, if the accountant has been transferred out of the original certification authority, but has not completed the previous year's continuing education according to the provisions, the continuing education in that year shall be completed in accordance with the relevant documents. (three) accounting qualification is transferred in the province (including the city). According to the new "Accounting Qualifications Management Measures", accountants can directly log on the "Guangdong Accounting Information Service Platform" to apply for transfer to the place of transfer, and no longer need to transfer to the place of transfer. At present, according to the request of the Provincial Finance Department, the financial departments of the dispatched areas do not need any operation on the transfer-transfer within the province (including the city). If the Provincial Department of finance will be the finishing worker in the futureFor further notice. (four) accounting qualification certificate in the province (including the city) transfer - transfer. 1. Accountants transfer: (1) Processing procedures: 1) Certified personnel must complete the previous year's continuing education; 2) Landing in our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to fill in and print the "People's Republic of China Accounting Qualification Transfer Registration Form" and "Guangdong Province Accounting Qualification Personnel Base" Basic Information Form, when filling out the form, make an appointment to the site for handling; 3. Bring the required materials listed in point 2 below to the transfer of the local financial bureau to submit the application for transfer within the province (including the city) and close it on the spot according to the appointment date. (2) Required materials (do not need to be sent to the financial branch of the place of transfer): (1) Registration Form for Transfer of Accounting Employment Qualifications of the People's Republic of China in duplicate (printed on the website after completion); and (2) Accounting Employment CapitalOriginal Certificate of Qualification; (3) Original Certificate of Work issued by the transfer unit (stamped with the official seal of the unit), or one original and photocopy of residence certificate; (4) One original and photocopy of my valid identity card; (6) One original and photocopy of the diploma of the highest academic qualifications; (3) One original and photocopy of the identity card of the agent must be brought with me when entrusted to do so. 2. Handling transfer: 1. Auditing the authenticity of accounting personnel information: For inter-city transfer (including intra-city transfer) within the province, the transfer is directly received in the Municipal Accounting Information Management System. (2) Processing of common matters in the process of transferring: 1. Setting up accounting personnel files after transferring (see application for certificate for detailed operation); 2. Processing of incomplete continuing education: In the process of transferring, if the accounting personnel fail to complete the previous year's continuing education according to the regulations, they must go to the financial department of the transferring place to go through the registration formalities first. Otherwise, no transfer is allowed. Three, information change 1. process:(1) Login to our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to fill in and print the "Guangdong Province Accountant Qualified Personnel Information Change Registration Form", and make an appointment to the site when filling out the form; (2) According to the appointment date, bring the materials listed in point 2 below to the site for information change registration, when The field is closed. 2. Required materials: 1 Registration Form for Information Change of Accounting Employees in Guangdong Province (Filled and Printed on the Website); 2 Original Accounting Employees'Qualification Certificate; 3 Original Certificate or Certificate of Information Change Content and 1 Copy, as follows: Certificate or Certificate of Name and Identity for Change of Category, Registration Household registration book with name change record. It must be processed by me. ID card ID card, registered identity card number change record account. It must be processed by me. Diploma or degreeCertificate or degree certificate. If you hold a foreign degree or degree, you need to provide the certification certificate issued by the domestic education department. Accounting professional and technical qualification certificate corresponding to the qualification of accounting professional technical post. Work certificate and full-time diploma issued by the unit where the accounting work begins. "Beginning to engage in accounting work hours" according to the accounting personnel full-time education graduates and obtain accounting qualifications after the actual time record of accounting work. The name of the unit shall be examined and confirmed by the unit on the change registration form and stamped with the official seal. The old and new units belong to the same accounting professional qualifications management organization, which can handle information change, otherwise handle file transfer. (4) if the agent is entrusted, the original and 1 copies of the valid identity card of the agent shall be accompanied. Four, loss of replacement 1. processing flow 1. Landing our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.go)V. cn) Fill in and print the Application Form for Reissuance of Accounting Qualifications Certificate of the People's Republic of China and the Basic Information Form of Accounting Qualifications Personnel of Guangdong Province by themselves, and make an appointment to the site for processing when filling in the Form; (2) Bring along the materials listed in Point 2 below on the appointment date to submit the application for the Reission Certificate on the spot; (3) After 20 working days from the date of submission of the materials, the original ID card and the receipt of acceptance shall be brought to the site to receive the qualification certificate for the accounting profession. 2. Required materials: 1) Application Form for Reissuance of Accounting Qualification Certificate of the People's Republic of China in duplicate (printed by oneself after landing on the website); 2) Basic Information Form for Accounting Qualification Personnel of Guangdong Province (printed by oneself after landing on the website); 3) Original and photocopy of my valid ID card; 4) Application for replacement due to loss Certificates should be submitted to publicly published newspapers and periodicals such as Dongguan Daily, Nanfang Daily and Guangzhou Daily.The original and photocopy of the supporting materials for carrying out the announcement procedure. _If a certificate is applied for reissue due to damage, the original of the damaged accounting qualification certificate and the description of the damaged certificate shall be submitted; _If the certificate is entrusted to another person, the original and photocopy of the agent's identity certificate shall be brought with him at the same time. 5. Information Acquisition 1. Processing Flow 1. Log on to the Accounting Information Service Platform of our city (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to fill in and print out the Basic Information Form for Accounting Employees of Guangdong Province, and make an appointment to the site when filling in the form; 2. Bring the materials listed in point 2 below to the site according to the appointment date. Submit an application and finish it on the spot. 2. Required materials: 1) Basic Information Form of Accounting Employees in Guangdong Province (printed by oneself after filling in the website); 2) Original Certificate of Accounting Employees; 3) Relevant Certificate or Certificate of Information Collection Content and Copy 1Copies, as follows: Certificates or ID cards required for information collection categories, and household registration books with name change records. It must be processed by me. ID card ID card, registered identity card number change record account. It must be processed by me. Diploma or degree certificate or degree certificate. If you hold a foreign degree or degree, you need to provide the certification certificate issued by the domestic education department. Accounting professional and technical qualification certificate corresponding to the qualification of accounting professional technical post. Work certificate and full-time diploma issued by the unit where the accounting work begins. "Beginning to engage in accounting work hours" according to the accounting personnel full-time education graduates and obtain accounting qualifications after the actual time record of accounting work. The name of the unit shall be examined and confirmed by the unit on the change registration form and stamped with the official seal. The old and new units belong to the same accounting qualification management machine.It can handle information changes or file transfers. (4) if the agent is entrusted, the original and 1 copies of the valid identity card of the agent shall be accompanied. 6. Continuing education for accountants (1) Basis for handling affairs: Provisions on Continuing Education for Accountants (Financial Accounting [2013] 18) and Provisions on Continuing Education for Accountants (Financial Accounting [2006] 19). The relevant provisions are as follows: 1. For those who have obtained the Accounting Qualification Certificate after Oct. 1, 2013 (including the same day), according to Article 6 of the Regulations on Continuing Education for Accountants of the Ministry of Finance (Financial Accounting [2013] No. 18), they should take part in continuing education from the next year when they have obtained the Accounting Qualification Certificate and obtain the required studies within the prescribed time. Points. 2. For those who have obtained the Accounting Qualification Certificate before October 1, 2013, the tenth one is in accordance with the Regulations on Continuing Education of Accountants issued by the Ministry of Finance (No. 19, 2006)One rule: accountants should not receive less than 24 hours of training per year. 3. According to Article 17 of the Regulations on Continuing Education for Accountants (Accounting [2013] No. 18) of the Ministry of Finance, since Oct. 1, 2013, accountants participating in continuing education shall adopt the credit system, and shall receive no less than 24 credits a year. 4. According to Article 19 of the Provisions on Continuing Education for Accountants (Accounting [2013] No. 18) of the Ministry of Finance, the credits obtained by accounting personnel participating in continuing education are valid in the current year and may not be carried over to the next year. (2) Procedures: Accountants'continuing education can be divided into the following two categories according to whether they need to go to the local financial sub-bureau for registration: Category 1: those who do not need to go to the local financial sub-bureau for registration. (1) according to the provisions of the provincial finance department, it is not necessary to register the contents of continuing education matters at the scene.The body includes: (1) face-to-face training. That is to say, those who have participated in the continuing education and training institutions for accountants filed by the Municipal Finance Bureau (can log on to the accounting information service platform of our city, the website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) and have obtained qualified training for Accountants in continuing education; and (2) self-taught examination. That is, to participate in the city's accounting personnel Continuing Education Self-taught Examination and qualified; 3. Distance network accounting training. That is to say, those who have participated in the further education and training of accountants organized by the Municipal Finance Bureau (which can be accessed by the accounting information service platform of our city, the website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) have obtained qualifications; those who have participated in the training of high-end talents organized by the Ministry of Finance, the provincial finance department and the municipal Finance Bureau Training, accounting personnel continuing education teacher training; _Participate in the provincial finance department organization or its accreditation of accounting knowledge contest;Those who have passed the National Accounting Professional and Technical Qualification Examination shall attend other forms of training organized by the administrative departments of continuing education. (2) process: (1) accountants do not have to register at the scene. The accounting personnel's continuing education administration department will record the information of continuing education listed in Category 1 above directly in the accounting personnel's electronic files. If the accounting personnel need paper vouchers of continuing education, they can log on to our city's accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) and print out "Accountants'Continuing Education" Education completion record. (3) Processing time: Accountants can access and print the information of continuing education records on the accounting information service platform of our city from March 1, 2014 in principle. (4) materials required: none. The second type: we need to register with the territorial finance sub Bureau. (1) according to the provisions of the provincial finance department, it is necessary to go to the scene for further processing.The contents of the registration of educational items include: (1) taking the examination of professional qualifications for accounting and auditing, as well as the examination of certified public accountants, certified asset appraisers and certified taxpayers; (2) taking part in the education of accounting degree or above recognized by the state administrative department of education; (3) undertaking the administration of continuing education or its approval. Accounting research projects of accounting academic organizations or publishing accounting papers in economic management newspapers and magazines of the National Unified Number (CN); publishing accounting books; attending the continuing education and training of Chinese CPAs; and other forms approved by the administrative departments of continuing education. (2) Processing flow: (1) Accountants login to our city accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to fill in and print the "Guangdong Province Accountants Continuing Education Matters Registration Form", and make an appointment to the site when filling out the form. 2. According to the date of appointment.Take the necessary documents with relevant documents and the following fourth requirements to register at the scene. (3) Accountants can check the electronic records of the completion of continuing education on the platform after they register on the spot. If paper vouchers are needed, they can print the "Records of Continuing Education of Accountants of Guangdong Province" on the platform. (3) Processing time: According to the "Accounting Staff Continuing Education Regulations" (Financial Accounting [2013] 18), the credits obtained by accounting personnel participating in continuing education are valid in the current year and may not be carried forward in the next year. (4) Required materials: (1) Guangdong Provincial Accountant Continuing Education Matters Registration Form; (2) One original and one photocopy of Accountant's Qualification Certificate; (3) One original and one photocopy of other relevant certificate materials of different categories in comparison with the Guangdong Provincial Accountant's Continuing Education Matters Registration Material Form (see annex for details); and one serial number category and calculation standard. Submitting materials 1 to participate in accounting and auditing professional and technical qualification examinationAnd the examination of certified public accountants, certified asset appraisers and certified taxpayers, which is converted to 24 credits for each subject passed. The original and 1 copies of the valid and qualified transcript of the qualification certificate / Certificate / official seal. If only the qualification certificate/qualification certificate is submitted as the proof material, only the qualification certificate/qualification certificate can be recognized as the continuing education credit of the current year; if the valid certificate of single subject qualified achievement with official seal is submitted as the proof material, the continuing education credit of the single subject qualified year can be recognized. Those who have taken part in the education of accounting degree or above recognized by the state administrative department of education and passed the examination or examination of a study subject in that year will be converted into 24 credits. 1 valid copies of the certificate of graduation or official seal are issued. Graduation certificate can confirm the certificate of continuing education in the school year since the next year. If there is an urgent need to apply for the year's continuing education credit recognition, effective learning can be held with the official seal.The examination results of the subjects prove that the credits for continuing education can be recognized in advance. 3. Independently undertake the accounting research projects of the administrative departments of continuing education or the accredited accounting academic organizations, and each research project is converted to 24 credits; if completed in cooperation with others, the first author of each research project is converted to 24 credits, and the other authors are converted to 12 credits each. The concluding remarks and other valid proofs of the original and the copies of the key contents of one copy of four independent accounting papers published in economic and management newspapers and periodicals with a uniform domestic publication will be converted to 24 credits per paper; the first author of each paper will be converted to 24 credits in collaboration with others, and the other authors will be converted to 12 credits per person. Five copies of the original newspapers and magazines, their covers, catalogues and internal pages of the papers, each of which is converted to 24 credits, and the first author of each accounting book is converted to 2 credits if it is published in cooperation with others.4 credits, other authors convert to 12 credits. One copy of the original book, the cover and the back cover (including the book number) of the book, six copies of which were confirmed by the affiliated annotation association, were converted to one credit hour. Certificate of Certified Public Accountant (CPA) which has completed the annual examination (4) entrusted agent must carry the original and photocopy of the agent's valid ID card at the same time. (3) Other matters 1. In addition to participating in off-the-job training of accountants organized by continuing education institutions and long-distance network accounting training announced by the administrative departments of continuing education, credits for other forms of continuing education will be recognized and calculated from October 1, 2013. 2. According to the Provincial Finance Department's Notice on Stopping the Use of Continuing Education and Training Certificates (Guangdong Finance and Accounting [2013] No. 71), our city has stopped using and issued the certificates of continuing education and training for accountants printed by the Provincial Finance Department and the Municipal Finance Bureau since April 1, 2014, and the certificates of continuing education and training for accountants and the certificates of continuing accounting issued by the provincial Finance DepartmentPersonnel continuing education distance training certificate. 3. Since April 1, 2014, the completion of continuing education for accountants will be carried out by electronic recording, and no longer in the "Accounting Qualifications Certificate" print accounting personnel continuing education learning records. If the accountants need to check and print paper vouchers, they can log on to our accounting information service platform (website: http://dgac.dg.gov.cn) to print the "Accountant Continuing Education Completion Records". 4. Accountants who have obtained the certificate of continuing education and training for accountants before April 1, 2014 and have not been registered may refer to the "Guidelines on the Operational Matters Related to the New Accounting Information Service Platform for Guangdong Province (1)" in the "Category 2 Continuing Education Credit Registration on the Spot" processing procedure and do so before December 31, 2014. Reason. Overdue, it will no longer be accepted. Seven. Establishment and approval of agency bookkeeping agencies.(2) The person in charge of the agency bookkeeping business has the professional and technical qualifications above accountant; 3) has a fixed office space; 4) has a sound agency bookkeeping business norms and financial accounting management system . 2. Processing flow (1) Fill in and print out the Application Form for Permission of Agency Accounting Institutions on the website, and make an appointment to the site when filling in the form; (2) Bring the materials listed in point 3 above to the local financial sub-bureau on the appointment date and submit the application for establishment; (3) 30 working days from the date of submission of the materials, Bring the original identity card and accept the receipt to the scene to get the bookkeeping license. 3. Required Materials: Number Material Name Original/Copy Quantity 1 Original of Dongguan Agent Accounting Permit Application FormCopies of agency agreements or articles of association approved by municipal administrative departments for Industry and Commerce (Form format please download to this website) each of the original 35 office addresses and copies of the certificate of office property rights or the certificate of use (lease contract and owner's property rights certificate) 36 agency bookkeeping business norms (including model business agreement) and the original financial accounting management system 37 pre-approved business license or enterprise name Copy of Notice 3 (2) Processing Flow of Sub-bureau: 1. Acceptance: If the applicant's application materials are complete and conform to the prescribed form, the sub-bureau shall accept the application on the spot; if the application materials are incomplete or do not conform to the prescribed form, the sub-bureau shall accept the application separately.The bureau shall inform the applicant on the spot or within five working days all the contents that need to be corrected at one time. If it fails to inform the applicant within the time limit, it shall be accepted as of the date of receipt of the application materials. 2. examination: the sub bureau shall complete the examination of the application materials within 20 days from the date of accepting the application. 3. approval: the sub bureau shall decide whether to approve or not to approve the application within 20 days from the date of accepting the application. If a decision cannot be made within 20 days, it may be extended for 10 days upon approval by the person in charge of the examination and approval organ, and the applicant shall be informed of the reasons for the extension. 4. Record keeping: The sub-bureau shall, within 10 days from the date of making the approval decision, inform the Municipal Finance Bureau (Accounting Section) that the Municipal Finance Bureau (Accounting Section) shall, in accordance with the requirements of the Provincial Finance Department, issue to the sub-bureaus the License Number of the Distribution Agent Accounting Institutions and the Guangdong Provincial Agency Accounting License. 5. Filing: The sub-bureau shall, in accordance with the provisions of the archives management measures, do a good job in filing the materials for application for establishment of examination and approval by the agency bookkeeping intermediary. EightOther matters (1) concerning the specification of the date of issuing the certificate. The date of issuing the certificate of accounting qualification transferred to our city is uniformly changed to the date of examination and transfer. For example, on January 10, 2007, an accountant obtained the Certificate of Accounting Practice Qualification in Yichang Finance Bureau of Hubei Province, and completed the 2007 and 2008 continuing education according to the regulations; on February 15, 2009, the city accepted the transfer application of the accountant. When the audit is completed, the operation is as follows: 1. Issuance date: Uniform change to transfer date, that is, February 15, 2009. 2. Add the following "information notes": "the original certificate date is January 10, 2007, February 15, 2009 transferred from the Finance Bureau of Yichang City, Hubei Province, has completed 2007, 2008 continuing education study." 3. when the accountant applies for the intermediate accountant title examination, its accounting life can be from January 10, 2007.Calculate. (two) common ways of dealing with missing diplomas. 1. Losing the diploma of senior high school or below can be replaced by one of the following ways: 1. Releasing the "diploma" by the original graduation school (with the same validity as the "diploma", and the format is exactly the same as the "diploma"); 2. issuing the "diploma certificate" by the original graduation school; 3. issuing the "diploma certificate" by the work unit; Or the registered community (village committee) issued a "diploma certificate". 2. If you lose your diploma, you can replace it by one of the following ways. The following conditions must be met: 1) the original graduation school shall issue the "diploma certificate"; 2) the original graduation school shall issue the "diploma certificate"; 3) if the Accounting Diploma is lost and the conditions for exemption are applied for, the following conditions must be met: 1) the original graduation school shall issue the "diploma certificate"; 2) the original graduation school shall issue the "diploma certificate" and provide the certificate of academic qualifications.The academic certificate of the Department proves the original. (three) repeated or existing problems concerning the work unit. At present, when each financial sub-bureau receives the transfer or new application, it will encounter the situation that the accountant's work unit has already appeared in other towns and streets. This is because the accountant of the unit handles the accounting qualification certificate in different jurisdictions. From now on, any such problems should be identified according to the principle of territorial management, and the accounting personnel who have been certified by the unit should be required to go through the relevant procedures of transfer and change quickly.